Insanity is hereditary, - You get it from your children.
An honest politician is one who, when bought, stays bought.
You can tune a piano, but you cant tuna fish.
A closed mouth gathers no foot.
Whats black and white and red all over?
An embarassed zebra.
Whats black and white and red all over?
Certainly not the Halifax newspapers.
Gravity doesnt exist: the earth sucks.
Whats the most popular form of birth control?
The headache.
He who laughs last probably doesnt understand the joke.
Let him who takes the plunge remember to return it by Tuesday.
A Smith and Wesson beats four aces.
Dont worry if You're a kleptomaniac, you can always take something for it.
Help the police - beat yourself up.
Avoid the christmas chaos - go to church on sundays.
There are two kinds of persons: The one that divide all people in two part, and then the other that dont.
Seen in U.S.S.R: The last person to leave the country is asked to turn the ligths off.
Wanna be realy stoned?
Drink wet cement.
Keep death off the roads.
Drive on the pavement.
Dead men are simple very cool.
Sigarettes are the main reason for statistics.
Advertisment from British Airways: Breakfast in London, Lunch in New-York and luggage in Berlin
Do you know why surgeons use masks?
It is to be not recognised again.
Vegetarians eat vegetables;I'm a humanitarian
Socrates died from an overdose of wedlock.
A women was in love with fourteen soldiers, it platoonic.
Max told his friend he didn’t want to go for a hike in the hills.
I’m an anti-climb Max.
A new wagon designed for LA rush hour traffic is called the Stationary wagon.
An Uncle died, left several hundred clocks to a niece, shes busy winding up the estate.
Two cheerleaders ended up married, they met by chants.
Two cans of paint got married, later the bride whispered: Darling, I think I’m pigment.
A doctor told the boy, This injection won’t hurt a bit.
That’s an MD promise.
Advice to ice skaters: You cant always tell a brook by its cover.
A guru hops around often, hes known as the Kan Guru.
A hermit was arrested after driving a hundred miles an hour, the charge was recluse driving.
What do they call a man who builds twenty boats a month?
Sir Launchalot.
WHY DO MORONS ONLY GO TO MOVIES IN GROUPS OF 17 OR MORE?
BECAUSE THE SIGN OUTSIDE STATES UNDER SEVENTEEN NOT ADMITED!
Did you hear about the Scottish Kamikaze pilot?
He crashed his plane in his brothers junkyard.
What do 32 Iraqi women in one place have?
A full set of teeth!
HOW DO YOU CLEAR OUT AND IRAQI BINGO HALL?
CALL OUT B-52.
DID YOU HEAR ABOUT THE NEW BAGHDAD ROCK GROUP?
NO KIDS ON THE BLOCK.
Did you hear the one about the lion who ate the lawyer?
Had to lick his butt afterwards to get rid of the taste!
Did you hear which major department store is considering opening a couple of stores in Iraq?
TARGET!
DID YOU HEAR FRANCE HAS A NEW NATIONAL FLAG?
It is white with a white stripe and a white star!
Whats the difference between a Canadian Hockey player and an Iraqi woman?
The Hockey player takes a shower after three periods.
What do a vaccuum cleaner and an Iraqi Tank have in common?
They both suck.
What do you call an Iraqi with a sheep under one arm and a goat underthe other?
Bisexual.
What do you call an Iraqi with a sheep under each arm?
A pimp.
What do you call an Iraqi who has sex with donkeys?
Normal.
What did the aspiring Zen Buddhist say to the hot dog vendor?
Make me one with everything.
Who is the smallest man mentioned in the New Testament?
Peter.
(He slept on his watch)
When is the first time motorcycles are mentioned in the bible?
When Davids Triumph was heard throughout the land.
Neutrinos have bad breadth.
Biology grows on you.
What does a Polack use a rubber for?
Seal-a-meal.
- What do you get when you cross a Polack and a Mongoloid with one leg?
A Polaroid 1 Step.
- What is better than 4 roses on a piano?
Two lips on an organ.
- What do you call a truck load of vibrators?
Toys for twats.
- What do you call a herd of masturbating cattle?
Beef Strokenoff.
- Why does an elephant have 4 feet?
Because 8 inches isnt enough.
- What do you call 2 gay guys named Bob?
Oral Roberts.
- What can you use used tampons for?
Tea bags for vampires.
- How can you tell a Polish woman is on her period?
Shes only wearing 1 sock.
What do you get when you cross a Mexican with an octopus?
I dont know, but it can sure pick lettuce.
- What do soy beans and dildos have in common?Both are meat subsitutes.
- Whats the difference between chicken and meat?
If you beat your chicken it would die.
- How can you tell a Head nurse?
The one with dirty knees.
- What do you get when you cross a Mexican with an Oriental?
A car thief who cant drive.
What's worse than getting raped by Jack the Ripper?
Getting fingered by Captain Hook.
- Why did the Italian staple his nuts together?
Since he couldnt lick them, he felt he should join them.
Whats invisible and smells like carrots?
Bunny farts.
Why cant little black kids play in sandboxes?
Cats keep trying to cover them up.
What do elephants use for a tampon?
Sheep.
Why dont Mexicans barbeque?
Because the beans slip through the grill.
What do you call a one-legged woman?
Ilene.
Why did the Aggie spend all night in front of the house of ill repute?
He was waiting for the red light to turn green.
The only computers I trust with my women are Unix.
Why were Helen Kellers fingers purple?She heard it through the grapevine.
What is the difference between "ooooh" and "aaaah"?About three inches.
What is the difference between a dog and a fox?About three drinks.
What do you do with an elephant that has three balls?
Walk him and pitch to the giraffe.
What are the three most difficult years for an Aggie?
Second grade.
Did you hear about the "Aggie" car pool?
They all meet at work.
Why were the Aggies pushing their house down the street?
They were trying to jump-start the furnace.
Did you hear the Aggies bought a thousand septic tanks?As soon as they learn to drive them, theyll invade Mexico.
What did the leper say to the prostitute?
Keep the tip.
Did you hear about the Republican Fried Chicken fast food restaurant?
All they serve are right wings and a**holes.
What is the difference between a rooster and a lawyer?
The rooster clucks defiance.
What do you get when you cross a a rooster and a hoot owl?
A cock that stays up all night.
Why did they kick the leper out of the restaurant?
They had to keep changing the finger bowls.
What is the difference between a tribe of sly aborigines and a female track team?
The first is a pack of cunning runts.
Why are there more Democrats than Republicans?
Who wants a piece of elephant!
What did the hurricane say to the coconut tree?
Hold on to your nuts - this is no ordinary blow job.
Did you hear about the prostitute that died and went to heaven?
She traded her harp for an upright organ.
Why does the Easter Bunny hide his eggs?
He doesnt want the world to know hes been making out with chickens.
Why dont midgets use tampons?
They trip over the strings.
Did you hear about the elephant with diarrhea?
It's all over town.
What do you call a leper in a hot tub?
Soup.
Did you know production costs in the dairy business are high?
A lot of expenses are in curd.
Watch out for lamp manufacturers.
There are a lot of shady characters.
Did you hear about the guy who went bankrupt in the laundry business?
He says hes all washed up.
What do you call a cow with only three legs?
Lean beef.
What do you call a cow with no legs?
Ground beef.
What did the elephant say to the naked man?
Can you breathe through that?
Lawyers sometimes tell the truth.
They'll do anything to win a case.
What do you call a row of rabbits that takes a step backwards?
A receding hare-line.
What do you get when you pour scalding water down a rabbit hole?
Hot cross bunnies.
What do you have when rabbits climb out of their hole?
A hare-raising sight.
What did the topless dancer say when chastised about her profession?
It’s better than being flat busted!
When I fly on a jet, my ears pop a lot; its an earry feeling.
Some parents believe that spanking a child is an important part of rearing a child.
Twins might best be described as womb-mates.
Did you hear the elephants at the circus are going on strike?
Theyre tired of working for peanuts.
Did you hear about the fight in the lion house at the zoo?
A lion called another a cheetah.
Personally, I think he was lion.
How do you keep an elephant from charging?
Take away his credit card.
Did you hear about the animal hotel that has exclusive accommodations for squirrels?
Its called The Nutcracker Suite.
What is the most vulnerable animal in the world?
The frog.
When you touch it, it croaks.
Put another way, one touch and its toadalled.
Did you hear they are looking for someone to be in charge of potato snacks in the monastery?
The job description will be: Chipmonk.
Did you hear about the House-Senate conference committe considering legislation to decriminalize the use of marijuana?
Its called the Joint Session of Congress.
What is the opposite of progress?
Congress.
How can Congress trim the fat from Federal spending?
By switching to lo-cal government.
The state of Missouri has vigorously tried to get some of the other states bordering on the Mississippi River to join in an urgently needed flood control project.
This is because Missouri loves company.
The 200th anniversary of the founding of the buffalo sanctuaries will be marked by a Bisontennial celebration.
The Hawaiian Islands have many craters that were formed by volcanoes.
You might say that the islands are full of ash holes.
Several years ago I came up with the idea of writing a play about the movement to eliminate pay toilets.
I’ve been sitting on the idea for a number of years, but I feel, that can stall no longer.
Why did God give women vaginas?
Because sheep can't cook.
Why do mice have tiny balls?
Very few know how to dance.
What do you get when you cross a kangaroo with a mink.
A fur coat with pockets.
Why is money green?
Because Jews pick it before it is ripe.
What is long, hard, round and full of seamen?
A submarine.
How do you keep a turkey in suspense?
Ill tell you tomorrow.
What is the difference between love and Herpes?
Herpes is forever.
Where do prostitutes go for recycling?
The Virgin Islands.
Whats grey and comes by the gallon?
Elephants.
What is the difference between an Aggie and a pizza?
The pizza doesnt scream when you put it in the oven.
How many Jewish mothers does it take to change a lightbulb?
None.
They'd rather sit in the dark and suffer.
What do you call a gay Jew?
A Heblew.
How do we know Christ wasnt born in Italy?
There are no virgins and they couldnt find three wise men.
Did you hear about the Aggies that were arrested in the Iranian zoo?
They were trying to free the hostriches.
Did you hear about the two blind gay guys?
Youve got to hand it to them.
Why are all Jewish men circumcized?
Because Jewish women go crazy over anything 20% off.
How many Californians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
None.
They screw in hot tubs.
Why dont Baptists screw standing up?
Theyre afraid people might think theyre dancing.
Whats the difference between erotic and kinky?
Erotic, you use a feather.
Kinky, you use the whole chicken.
To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance.
There's no future in time travel.
Entropy isn't what it used to be.
"Insomnia isn't anything to lose sleep over."
To you I'm an atheist, to God - i'm the Loyal Opposition.
When I was in school, i cheated on my metaphysics exam.
"I looked into the soul of the boy sitting next to me."
He who laughs last, is generally a bit slow.
Rings of Saturn are made entirely of lost airline luggage.
Disney world - a people trap operated by a mouse.
"Hi, i'm a tagline.
When I grow up I'm gonna be a novel!"
Please reply if you dont get this message.
Circular definition: see definition, circular.
All generalizations are false.
I'm not as think as you drunk I am.
Change is inevitable, except from a vending machine.
Rehab is for quitters.
I get enough exercise just pushing my luck.
Sometimes I wake up grumpy; Other times I let him sleep.
I took an IQ test and the results were negative.
Where there's a will, I want to be in it.
Few women admit their age; Fewer men act it.
I don't suffer from insanity, I enjoy every minute of it.
IRS: We've got what it takes to take what you've got.
Time is the best teacher; Unfortunately it kills all its students.
A bartender is just a pharmacist with a limited inventory.
Give me ambiguity or give me something else.
i souport publik edekashun.
Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder.
How do you make a hormone?
Don't pay her.
What lies at the bottom of the sea and whimpers?
A nervous wreck.
What are the four words you don’t want to hear while making love?
Honey, I’m home!
Computer programmers don't byte, they nybble a bit.
Drive defensively - buy a tank.
What do dinosaurs have that no other animals have?
Baby Dinosaurs.
Where does a Tyrannosaurus sit when he comes to stay?
Anywhere he wants to.
What did they call prehistoric sailing disasters?
Tyrannosaurus wrecks.
Can you name 10 dinosaurs in 10 seconds?
Yes, 8 iguanadons and 2 stegasaurus.
What do you call a dinosaur as tall as a house, with long sharp teeth, and 12 claws on each foot?
Sir.
What do you call a dinosaur as tall as a house, with long sharp teeth, 12 claws on each foot and a personal stereo over his ears?
Anything you like, he wont hear you.
What do you get if you cross a mouse with a triceratops?
Enormous holes in the skirting board.
How can you tell if there is a dinosaur in bed with you?
By the `D on his pajamas.
How do you know if there is a brachiosaurus in bed with you?
By the dinosnores.
A cucumber and a tomato meet in a saladbar.
Cucumber: Gee, how come you look so red?
Tomato: I saw the salad dressing.
A bird in hand is safer than one overhead.
A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.
I stayed up all night playing poker with tarot cards.
I got a full house and four people died.
The brain is a wonderful organ: it starts working the moment you get up in the morning, and does not stop until you get to school.
You'd be paranoid too if everybody hated you.
Coles Law: Thinly sliced cabbage.
I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous.
Duct tape is like the Force.
It has a light side, and a dark side, and it holds the universe together.
I used to think I was indecisive, but now I'm not so sure.
There is so much sand in Northern Africa that if it were spread out it would completely cover the Sahara Desert.
It has been said that we only use 15% of our brain.
I wonder what we do with the other 75%?
How much deeper would the oceans be without sponges?
i’ve got it! i’ve got it!
Now, for the cure.
A juggler is just a schizophrenic playing catch.
Polaroids: what polar bears get from sitting on the ice.
D.A.M.N. - Naked Mothers Against Dyslexia.
How long a minute is depends on which side of the bathroom door you're on.
Vitamin C deficiency is apauling.
Science is what happens when preconception meets verification.
Electrical Engineers do it with less resistance.
Wanna hear a joke?
Sleep.
I know, I don't get it either.
Do you smoke pot because weed be cute together.
I just texted my girlfriend Ruth and told her it was over.
I'm Ruthless.
Astronomers got tired of watching the moon go round the earth for 24 hours.
So they decided to call it a day.
Is your name Ariel, because I think we mermaid for each other.
Why do cows have hooves instead of feet?
Because they lactose.
How did I escape Iraq?
Iran.
Whenever I want to start eating healthy, a chocolate bar looks at me and Snickers.
I just wrote a really awesome song about a fajita.
Well its more of a wrap really.
I wonder if earth makes fun of other planets for having no life.
I met a girl with 12 nipples today.
Sounds fun, Dozen tit?
How does Moses make his tea?
Hebrews it.
I'm serious that Israeli how he does it.
You'd think that atoms bonding with other atoms would mean theyre being friendly, but really they steal each others electrons.
How ionic.
My waitress threw sodium chloride at me.
She was arrested and charged with a salt.
Why did the mushroom go to the party?
Because hes a fungi!
Why didn't he get in?
There wasn't mushroom!
Where do astronauts go out for a drink?
To the spacebar.
What did the thermometer say to the graduated cylinder?
You may have graduated but I’ve got hundreds of degrees.
If towels could tell jokes they would probably have a dry sense of humor.
I didn't like my beard at first but then it grew on me.
You're living, you occupy space and have mass.
What does that mean?
You matter.
How does NASA organize a party?
They planet.
I'd say fuck the wheather, but it's definitely under 18.
I used to have a job crushing cans.
It was soda pressing.
I'm glad I know sign language, it's pretty handy.
What do you call a wizard who's running late for the Hogwarts Express?
Hurry Potter.
I bought shoes from a drug dealer.
I don't know what he laced them with but i’ve been tripping all day.
I'd tell you a chemistry joke but I know I wouldn't get a reaction.
When I drink alcohol, everyone says I'm an alcoholic.
When I drink fanta, no one says I'm fantastic.
What did Barack Obama say to Michelle when he proposed?
I don’t wanna be Obama self.
Did Snoop Dogg really change his name, or is Snoop Lion?
I heard that Oxygen and Magnesium are going out.
I was like OMg.
I wish I had a pair of skinny genes.
Mathematics teachers call retirement the aftermath.
How much did Santa pay for his sleigh?
Nothing, because it was on the house!
What do you call a fake macaroni?
An impasta.
I told my friend 10 jokes to get him to laugh.
Sadly, no pun in 10 did.
The invention of the shovel was groundbreaking.
What do you get when you cross a dyslexic, an insomniac, and an agnostic?
Someone who lays awake at night wondering if there is a dog.
What do you call bears with no ears?
B.
When u tryna be cheesy but everyone around u is laughtose intolerant.
Where would Voldemort go if he played the trumpet?
Jazzkaban.
What do you call a lazy kangaroo?
A pouch potato.
How do trains eat?
They chew-chew.
What do you call a labrador that becomes a magician?
A Labracadabrador.
My friend asked me to stop singing oasis songs in public.
I said "maybe".
I used to hate math, but now I realised decimals have a point.
I think my friend was built backwards.
His nose runs and his feet smell.
How much room is needed to grow funghi?
As Muchroom as possible.
Keep the planet clean, it's not Uranus.
If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring?
Pilgrims.
Why was the Thanksgiving soup so expensive?
It had 24 carrots.
What kind of music did the Pilgrims like?
Plymouth Rock.
The rotation of Earth always makes my day.
(p + l)(a + n)=pa+pn+la+ln.
We just foiled your plan.
Chemistry jokes are Sodium funny.
Sorry I'm poor, I can't afford to pay attention.
What did the biologist wear on his first date?
Designer genes.
Are you flourine iodine and neon?
Cause you are FINe.
Some guy just assaulted me with milk, cream and butter.
How dairy!
Why do ghosts love elevators?
Cause they lift their spirits.
A Physicist and a Biologist had a relationship, but there was no Chemistry.
Do you know why Frequency cannot love any more?
Cause it still hertz.
What building isnt trustworthy?
The lie-brary.
What did the scientist say when he found two helium atoms?
HeHe.
How many mice does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Two.
(Hint: They are small enough to fit inside).
How many Polacks does it take to change a light bulb?
Just one, but you need 6000 Russian troops in case he goes on strike!
How many WASPs does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Silly, WASPs dont screw in a light bulb, they screw in a hot tub.
How many Jewish American Princesses does it take to change a light bulb?
Two.
One to pour the Tab, and one to phone Daddy.
How many Marxists does it take to change a light bulb?
None: The light bulb contains the seeds of its own revolution.
How many (Generals/Politicians) does it take to change a light bulb? 1,000,001.
One to change the bulb and 1,000,000 to rebuild civilizationto the point where they need light bulbs again.
How many New Yorkers does it take to screw in a light bulb?
None of your damn business!
How many Christians does it take to change a light bulb?
Three, but they're really only one.
How many jugglers does it take to change a light bulb?
One, but it takes at least three light bulbs.
How many Feminists does it take to change a light bulb?
Thats not funny!!!
How many supply-siders does it take to change a light bulb?
None.
The darkness will cause the light bulb to change by itself.
How many valley girls does it take to change a light bulb?
Manual labor?
Gag me with a spoon!
How many straight San Franciscans does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Both of them.
How many Zen masters does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Two.
One to change the bulb and one not to change it.
How many Carl Sagans does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Billions and billions.
How many folk singers does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Two.
One to change it and one to write a song about how good the old light bulb was.
How many surrealists does it take to change a light bulb?
Two.
One to hold the giraffe, and the other to fill the bathtub with brightly colored machine tools.
How many doctors does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Three.
One to find a bulb specialist, one to find a bulb installation specialist, and one to charge the bill.
How many psychologists does it take to change a light bulb?
None, the bulb will change itself when its ready.
What is the difference between a pregnant woman and a light bulb?
You can unscrew a lightbulb.
How many managers does it take to change a light bulb?
Three.
One to get the bulb and two to get the phone number to dial one of their subordinates to actually change it.
How many Bratzlaver Chassidim does it take to change a light bulb?
None.
They will never find one that burned as brightly as the first one.
How many graduate students does it take to change a light bulb?
Only one, but it takes nine years.
How many professors does it take to change a light bulb?
Only one, but they get three tech reports out of it.
How many people from New Jersey does it take to change a light bulb?
Three.
One to change the light bulb, one to be a witness, and the third to shoot the witness.
Astronomers got tired of watching the moon go round the earth for 24 hours.So they decided to call it a day.
Butterflies are not what they used to be.
Don't join dangerous cults.
Always practice safe sects!
Why is it called a building when it is already built?
I'm making a fruit salad and the recipe says Pineapples - Five cubed.
Where am I going to get 125 pineapples?
Well never run out of maths teachers, because they keep multiplying.
Things are always easier said than done.
Except for talking, that's pretty much the same really.
I’ve just been house hunting.
One place had mirrors covering the walls of every room.
I thought.
I can see myself living here
What do you get when you cross a stream and a brook?
Wet feet.
How is it possible to have a civil war?
What did the 0 say to the 8?
Nice belt!
I was so cold today that my jaw started to freeze.
So I gritted my teeth.
I bought an off-road vehicle in a blind auction.
Got it delivered and it was a canoe.
What does Geronimo say when he jumps out of a plane?
I was going to quit all my bad habits for the new year, but then I remembered that nobody likes a quitter.
My news years resolution is to save up and buy a velcro wall.
And I plan on sticking to it!
If you were born in September, it's pretty safe to assume your parents started out the New Year with a Bang!
My news years resolution this year is to give up sexual innuendos.
But its so hard.
After hours of thinking i’ve finally decided on my new years resolution: 1920 x 1080.
I had a fight with a snowman last night.
He didnt last long.
Things got a bit heated.
I just pulled a Christmas cracker.
There's a joke in there somewhere.
I got my wife the leg off a mannequin for Christmas.
It's not her main present,just a stocking filler.
What do you call a snowman with a suntan?
A puddle.
I’ve been seeing someone behind my girlfriends back.
I think she's got a stalker.
I remember when my parents died, all they left me was a globe.
It meant the world to me.
If you ate pasta and antipasta, would you still be hungry?
Did you hear about the dumb woodworm?He was found dead inside a house brick.
My wifes head just spun around and then she vomited green slime i’ve no idea whats possessed her.
A skeleton goes into a bar and orders a pint of beer and a mop.
Did you hear about the cobbler who made a satanic pact?He sold his sole to the devil.
Why didn't the skeleton go to the party?Because he had no body to go with.
A ghost walks into a bar and orders a shot of vodka.
The bartender says Sorry, we dont serve spirits here.
If you don't pay your exorcist you can get repossessed.
If a plane is an aircraft, does that make a broom a witchcraft?
Why did Dracula go to the doctors?Because of his coffin.
You feel stuck with your debt.If you cant budge it.
I was gonna nail a shelf to my wall, but then I thought Screw it!
What do you call a man who can't stop stealing?
Nick.
I accidentally left an apple outside my local GPs surgery.Now he won't be able to get in.
I’ve just been given a pack of playing cards covered in strawberry jam, I'm finding them very had to deal with.
Sometimes I laugh so much that a bit of wee comes out.
It's really starting to worry me.
Why is wee coming out of my mouth?
I bloody hate flash mobs.One once kicked my door down and forced me to update my Adobe.
I took the rear view mirror out of my car, and since then I’ve never looked back
My local butcher is seven foot tall and a size fourteen shoe.
What does he weigh?
Sausages.
What do you call a man with a rabbit in his mouth?Warren.
My younger brother was named after my father.A bit confusing when your brother is named Dad though.
What do you call a man with a map on his head?
Miles.
What do you call a woman who sounds like an ambulance?
Nina.
Why did the football manager give his team lighters?
Cos they kept losing all of their matches.
One Bear.(That's the bear minimum)
My uncle works for a company that makes bicycle wheels.Hes the Spokesman.
I just got a Scottish sheep dog from the pound, but sadly my wife can't see it.
She's collie blind.
What do you call a woman who stands straddling a river?
Bridgette.
I keep having a recurring nightmare where I'm surrounded by loads of pregnant women in labour.
I think I may be having a midwife crisis.
What's the definition of a snail?
A slug with a crash helmet.
31 years ago today the doctor delivered me.
I cant believe I’ve survived so long without a liver.
I work for the NHS dealing with moving patients between different areas of the hospital.
Its a re-warding job.
I’ve just been outside helping a guy in a black robe with a scythe clear the frost off his car.
I was de-icing with death.
My grandfather puts horse manure on his rhubarb.
I prefer it with custard.
My pet mouse Elvis died last last.
He was caught in a trap.
What do you call a man who comes in through the letter box?
Bill.
What's small, brown, hairy and wears sunglasses?
A coconut in disguise.
Did you hear about those new corduroy pillowcases?
Theyre making headlines.
My dog is named Minton.
Today he ate a shuttlecock.
Bad Minton!
To be frank would involve changing my name.
How do you make a squirrel cry?
Pinch its nuts.
2B or not 2B.
That is the pencil.
What do you call a run down Italian neighbourhood?
The Spaghetto.
Did you hear about the astronaut who stepped on some chewing gum?
He got stuck in Orbit.
The rotation of the planet Earth really makes my day!
What kind of moron invented the fire blanket?
Surely fire is warm enough already?
I thought opening the door for a lady was the polite thing to do, but she just screamed and flew out of the plane.
I had a go at parachuting today.
I went to the local airfield and said, Stupid parachute morons jumping out of bloody planes.
I bought a battery powered clock today.
When I got home, I noticed that they had given me the wrong one.
I thought this is a wind up!
Why was the robot mad?
Because people kept pushing it's buttons.
I just got back from a very emotional wedding.
Even the cake was in tiers.
I was arguing with my girlfriend in Nandos when my best mate ran off with the garlic bread and coleslaw.
I wish he would stop taking sides.
Why are there fish at the bottom of the sea?
Cos they dropped out of school.
How did a fool and his money get together in the first place?
Why can't a bicycle stand on its own?
Cos its two tired.
Why did the golfer wear two pairs of trousers?
In case he got a hole in one!
A policeman asked me to come down to the station for an interview.I haven' t even applied for a job there!
My mate just came fourth in a Body-Snatching contest, I told him it's not the winning, it's the taking parts that counts.
What's the best way to catch a rabbit?Hide in the bushes and make lettuce noises.
A mysterious hole has been found in the local nudist camp wall.
The police are looking into it.
Two vultures board an airplane, each carrying two dead raccoons.
The stewardess says: Sorry, gentlemen, only one carrion per passenger.
Why did the banana go to the hospital?
Because he wasnt peeling well.
Some people have a way with words, others not have way.
The universe implodes.
No matter.
The invention of the shovel was ground-breaking.
Why did the orange stop?
Because it ran out of juice.
I just found out that Aarrgghh is not a real word.I cant even tell you how angry I am!
Whats yellow and square?A tomato in disguise.
My mate walked into Carphone Warehouse, held the manager at gunpoint and made her top up his mobile phone for free.Full credit to him!
What do you call a sleepwalking nun?A roamin Catholic.
How do you tell the difference between a crocodile and an alligator?You will see one later and one in a while.
Vodka!
Whiskey!
Tequila!
I call the shots!
I got kicked out of my local music shop after asking about a Coldplay song.
I was clearly looking for Trouble.
If a pig loses its voice, does it become disgruntled?
I was trying to explain the concept of Twitter to my friend.
But she finally said I don't follow you.
Where are average things built?In the satisfactory.
A huge section of tree just broke off and demolished a bank in town.
I’ve no idea which branch it was though.
Where do boats go when they are sick?
The dock.
Did you hear about the vampire bicycle that went around biting people?
It was a vicious cycle.
After a bad day I came home to find that somebody has ripped the front and back pages from my dictionary.It just goes from bad to worse.
How come there is no other name for thesaurus?
What do you say if youre talking to God and he sneezes?
To whoever invented the zero - thanks for nothing.
Apparently our local Police station has had its toilet stolen.
Police have nothing to go on.
I’ve taken up speed reading.
I can read War and Peace in 20 seconds.
It's only 3 words but it's a start.
I was going to do a joke about a germ, but I wouldn't want to spread it around.
Why does a hummingbird hum?
Because it doesn't know the words.
I had a threesome with a scalene and an isosceles.It was a love triangle.
A small boy swallowed some coins and was taken to hospital.
His mother phoned to ask how he was and the nurse said, there's no change yet.
Why didnt Noah just swat those two mosquitoes?
What happens if you go on a survival course and you dont pass?
I don't want to sound big headed but I wear a size XXL hat.
Whose cruel idea was it for the word lisp to have an s in it?
I was going to do a joke about construction, but I'm still working on it.
What do you call a sheep with no head and no legs?
A cloud.
I got my child to sleep last night by just repeatedly saying bursary.It was the only nursery rhyme I could think of.
My Doctor gave me something to treat my haemorrhoids.
But personally, I'm not so sure they deserve a treat.
I was gonna tell a joke about a roof, but it would probably go over peoples heads.
Whoever put the letter b in the word subtle deserves a pat on the back.
I ordered a hotel wake-up call the other day.
The phone rang and a womans voice said, What the hell are you doing with your life?
When I found out that my masseuse is also a prostitute, I was relieved.
I start my new job in Seoul next week.
I thought it was a good Korea move.
Gambling has brought our family together.
We had to move to a smaller house.
I never make mistakes, I thought I did once, but I was wrong.
Never iron a four leaf clover.
You don't want to press your luck.
What did the rug say to the floor?Dont move, I’ve got you covered.
My dog chased a kid on a bike, so we took away his bike.But he kept barking.So we gave it back.Because his bark is worse than his bike.
There's now a record number of male hairdressers in this country.
More evidence of our society's descent into barberism.
I had some time to kill.So I started with the mother in law.
I was gonna do a joke about unemployment, but it needs some work.
My family think I spend too much time doing dot-to-dot puzzles, but its okay.I know where to draw the line.
Last night I punched my mates lights out, and got electrocuted.
My grandfather died recently.
He spent his final years as a regular user of Facebook.
We won't see the likes of him again.
I bought an answering machine today but I think its broken.
I’ve asked it loads of questions but nothings happening.
I’ve made loads of money selling my version of Polo that don't have a hole in the middle.
I’ve made an absolute mint.
A boat builder is showing his son one of his forests.
He turns to him and says, Son, one day all this will be oars.
Jokes about German sausage are the wurst.
I’ve just been spending some time at my wifes grave.
She still thinks I'm digging a garden pond.
I used to be a wrestler, I would get a guy in a head lock and write my name on their forehead.It was my signature move.
This annoying guy on the bus wouldnt stop asking questions about how the journey would end.
So I told him where to get off.
I’ve just saved a ton of cash on the latest iPhone.
I didn't buy one.
My wife just said I was ignorant.
Nonsense!
Why?
I dont even know the meaning of the word!
I tried sniffing coke once and got an ice cube stuck up my nose.
I just ate some mustard and had the strangest feeling that I had eaten it before.
Dijon vu.
There was an earthquake near the Galaxy chocolate factory this morning.It sent ripples through the whole building.
There are two things that always make me jump.My legs.
I used to live in a normal house, but then steps were taken to make it into a bungalow.
I just bought a TV remote control with three buttons.
I was surprised they let me pay with buttons.
I just love helium.I can't speak highly enough about it!
My mate keeps boasting that he owns a 3 foot pack of cards.
Big deal.
I just spent half hour grilling some chicken, but it still wouldn't tell me why it crossed the road!
I hate it when people mix their metaphors, I mean come on people!
It's not rocket surgery!
Two cows in a field, one says: "What do you think of mad cow disease?"
The other cow replies: "Won't affect me, I'm a helicopter!"
Sticks and stones may break my bones.
I should probably drink more milk.
I'd love to be a juggler.
But I haven't got the balls.
What happens if you get scared half to death twice?
I’ve trained my dog to bring me a glass of red wine.
It's a Bordeaux collie.
If corn oil is made from corn and vegetable oil is made from vegetables, what is baby oil made from?
The woman next door keeps flashing me from her upstairs bedroom window.
I’ve no idea how she got the car up there though.
I don't believe in spanking my children.
I find that waving a gun around works just as well.
Drilling for oil is boring.
I can see five years into the future.
I have 2020 vision.
Why don't owls go on dates when it's raining?
Because it's too wet to woo.
My wife said that I only ever want sex with her when I'm drunk.Thats not true!
I usually want a kebab as well.
I used to be a bodybuilder or The Dr Frankenstein Grave Robber as the press preferred to call me.
I just bought my wife a length of rope with a bucket on the end.
I'm sure it'll go down well.
Ever since I started trying to relive my youth at childrens playgrounds, my social life has been on the slide.
As I sat watching my dad draw his final breath I realised, we make a crap pictionary team.
I’ve been asked out by a number of hot women in my time.
0 is a number, right?
Some annoying guy in the pub was shouting that he couldn't understand how to get outside.
Needless to say, they showed him the door!
The local kids are all scared of the custard and jelly covered house at the end of our street, I’ve no idea why, it's obviously desserted.
Taking a walk in a park a colonel of a rather gloomy disposition saw a lieutenant of his regiment in civilian clothes with a young lady.
Having noticed the colonel from a distance, the lieutenant hid himself behind a tree.
The next day the colonel asked: – Why did I see you yesterday evening in the park in civilian clothes? – Because the tree was not thick enough, Sir, – answered the lieutenant.
Student: Brain is like Bermuda triangle – information goes in and then it is never found again.
Why did you leave your last job?
The company relocated and they didn’t tell me where.
Wife: If a Monster was my husband, I would have been much happier with him than with you… Man: But marriages are not allowed in same blood relation!
A man placed an advertisement "Wife wanted".
The next day he received hundreds of replies, all saying "You can have mine".
Men go shopping to find what they want.
Women go shopping to find out what they want.
— Hi sweetie!
How was school today? — You can read all about it on my facebook, dad!
When preparing to travel, lay out all your clothes and money.
Then take half the clothes and twice the money.
Average local temperature increases with the amount of clothing packed.
A hotel minibar allows you to see into the future and find out what a can of Pepsi will cost in 2020.
Some national parks have long waiting lists for camping reservations.
When you have to wait a year to sleep next to a tree, something is wrong.
My friend asked me to go to camping on vacation.
Camping — that’s the dumbest vacation I ever heard of in my life.
What, I’m gonna work all year so I can go out and pretend I’m homeless?
Two kids are talking. — My dad works twelve hours a day, so that I can have a comfortable home and decent clothes.
My mom spends the whole day cleaning and cooking for me.
However, I can not relax from all the worry. — But you are living a fairytale life!
What are you so worry about? — Well, what if they try to escape?
Teacher: What is the purpose of having school?
Student: Without school there wouldn't be a reason for holidays and summer vacation.
A teacher was asked to fill out a special questionnaire.
One question said, "Give two reasons for entering the teaching profession."
The teacher wrote: "July and August."
A good teacher, like a good entertainer, first must hold his audience's attention, then he can teach his lesson.
Mom: What did you do at school today?
Tom: We did a guessing game.
Mom: But I thought you were having a math exam.
Tom: That’s right!
Kate: Why was school easier for cave people?
Jim: Why?
Kate: Because there was no history to study!
The only function of economic forecasting is to make astrology look respectable.
You buy something on credit, when something costs too much for you and you want to pay more for it.
If you want someone to think about you, just borrow some money from him.
Always borrow money from a pessimist.
He won’t expect it back.
A study of economics usually reveals that the best time to buy anything was last year.
A director decided to award a prize of £50 for the best idea of saving the company money during the recession.
It was won by a young executive who suggested reducing the prize money to £10.
I have one of those unlimited cell phone plans.
There's no limit to how much they can charge me.
Today a man knocked on my door and asked for a small donation towards the local swimming pool.
I gave him a glass of water.
People say money is not the key to happiness, but I always figured if you had enough money, you can have a key made.
A family of mice was surprised by a big cat who shoved his paw inside the mouse hole nearly killing the mice with his sharp claws.
The mouse family was scared to death, but suddenly Father Mouse got closer to the opening of the hole and yelled, "Bow-wow!"
The cat hissed but ran away.
"What was that, Father?" asked Baby Mouse.
"Well, son, now you know why it’s important to learn languages."
Shopkeeper Tucker was dismayed when a brand new store, much like his own, opened to the left of his storefront.
A big sign was installed, reading "BEST DEALS".
To make things worse, another competitor leased the place on his right, and erected a huge sign that said "LOWEST PRICES".
At this point Mr. Tucker was nearly in despair, but then he’s got a great idea.
He put up a sign above his shop, bigger than the other two which read, "MAIN ENTRANCE".
Name two pronouns? - Who?
Me?
A policeman pulled over a speeding motorist and asked, "Do you have any ID?"
The motorist replied, "About what?
Passenger: Guard!
How long will the next train be?
Guard: About six carriages, sir.
Why did the bald man paint rabbits on his head?
Because from the distance they looked like hares.
You see, this hat costs only twenty dollars.
Good buy! - Yes, good-bye, twenty dollars.
- May I try on that red dress in the window? - No, madam, you'll have to use the fitting-room like everyone else
What is the difference between a bottle of medicine and a carpet?
One is shaken up and taken and the other is taken up and shaken.
This year I’ve given up social media and am trying to make friends outside Facebook while applying the same principles.
Every day, I walk down the street and tell passersby what I’ve eaten, how I feel, what I did the night before, and what I will do tomorrow.
Then I give them pictures of my family, my dog, and me gardening.
I also listen to their conversations and tell them I love them.
And it works.
I already have three people following me – two police officers and a psychiatrist.
An elderly man in North Carolina owned a large farm that happened to have a large pond.
It was just the right size for swimming, so he fixed it up with a picnic table, a dock, and shade trees.
One evening the old farmer decided to take a walk down to the pond and grabbed a five-gallon bucket to bring back some fruit.
As he neared the pond, he heard voices shouting and laughing.
As he approached the pond, he saw it was a bunch of young women skinny-dipping in his pond.
Not wanting to startle the women he made them aware of his presence and they all went to the deep end.
One of the women shouted to him, 'We’re not coming out until you leave!
The old man smiled and said, "I didn’t come down here to watch you ladies swim naked."
As he held up the five-gallon pail.
"I’m here to feed the alligator."
3 men checked into a motel room.
The room cost was $30.
Each man paid $10.
Later the manager of the motel realized that he overcharged the men for their room.
The room should have been $25.
He gave the bellboy $5 to give back to the guests.
The bellboy took the money, but on the way thought to himself that $5 cannot be divided evenly by 3 people.
He then pocketed $2 and decided to give the men $3 back, each of them receiving $1.
At this point the room cost each man $9. $9 x 3 = $27 $27+$2 (bellboy pocketed) = $29.
Considering that they originally paid $30, what happened to the last dollar?
Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson went on a camping trip.
After a good meal and a bottle of wine they laid down for the night and went to sleep.
Some hours later, Holmes awoke and nudged his faithful friend.
"Watson, look up at the sky and tell me what you see."
Watson replied, "I see millions and millions of stars."
"What does that tell you?"
Watson pondered for a minute.
"Astronomically, it tells me that there are millions of galaxies, and potentially billions of planets.
Astrologically, I observe that Saturn is in Leo.
Horologically, I deduce that the time is approximately a quarter past three.
Theologically, I can see that God is all powerful and that we are small and insignificant.
Meteorologically, I suspect that we will have a beautiful day tomorrow.
And what does it tell you?"
Holmes was silent for a minute, then spoke.
"It tells me that someone has stolen our tent."
A husband and wife entered the dentist’s office.
The husband said, "I want a tooth pulled.
I don’t want gas or novocaine because I’m in a terrible hurry.
Just pull the tooth as quickly as possible."
"You’re a brave man," said the dentist.
"Now, show me which tooth it is."
The husband turns to his wife and says, "Open your mouth and show the dentist which tooth it is, dear."
A renowned philosopher was held in high regard by his driver, who listened in awe at every speech while his boss would easily answer questions about morality and ethics.
Then one day the driver approached the philosopher and asked if he was willing to switch roles for the evening’s lecture.
The philosopher agreed and, for a while, the driver handled himself remarkably well.
When it came time for questions from the guests, a woman in the back asked, "Is the epistemological view of the universe still valid in an existentialist world?"
"That is an extremely simple question," he responded.
"So simple, in fact, that even my driver could answer that, which is exactly what he will do."
There are some Ken Bigley Christmas crackers available.
They’re the same as normal Christmas crackers except you don’t get a hat.
A boy owned a dog that was uncommonly shaggy.
Many people remarked upon its considerable shagginess.
When the boy learned that there are contests for shaggy dogs, he entered his dog.
The dog won first prize for shagginess in both the local and the regional competitions.
The boy entered the dog in ever-larger contests, until finally he entered it in the world championship for shaggy dogs.
When the judges had inspected all of the competing dogs, they remarked about the boy’s dog: "He’s not so shaggy".
Young husband: This meat is not cooked, nor is it the pie.
Young wife: I did it the way the cookery-book advised; but as the recipe was for four people and we are two I took half of everything and cooked it for half the time it said.
A first man Adam was lying quietly in the most wonderful Garden of Eden, when suddenly the skies opened up, and then the God appeared.
"God", asked Adam, "Tell me why you made Eve so beautiful?"
"I did it so you’d love her",- answered the God.
"But why did you make her so stupid?"
"So she’d love you," – added the God with a smile.
You can tell the gender of an ant by dropping it in water.
If it sinks it's girl ant, if it floats it's boy ant.
Why is 'dark' spelled with a k and not c?
Because you can't see in the dark.
How many Freudian scientists does it take to change a lightbulb?
The was once a gardener who worked in a hotel.
One day, he decides to walk in the garden and he spots a 50 pounds watermelon.
He continues his walk in the garden to find a tomato as big as a soccer ball.
Finding this very strange, he contacts the hotel's director and he takes an appointment with him for the next day.
Tomorrow comes and he meets the hotel's director.
As soon as the director finishes his greetings, the gardener says: "Listen boss, I don't care if the hotel shelters the Olympic Games, but please tell the athletes to stop peeing in the garden!"
The hotel gardener.
She said that since early this morning, the snow has been coming down, and it is nearly waist high and still falling.
The temperature is dropping way below zero and the wind is increasing to near gale force.
Her husband has done nothing but look through the kitchen window and just stare.
She said that if it gets much worse, she may have to let him in.
Relationships are a lot like algebra.Have you ever looked at your X and wondered Y?
I'm great at multitasking.
I can waste time, be unproductive and procrastinate all at once.
I have ten arms, eight legs and 22 feet.
What am I?
A liar.
Did you hear about the two bed bugs who met in the mattress?
They got married in the spring.
What are the advantages of living in Switzerland?
Well, the flag is a big plus.
Always remember that you are unique.Just like everyone else.
I just gave my girlfriend a ring and proposed,that we break up.
Then I put the phone down on her.
Time flies when youre throwing watches.
I haven't slept for three days, because that would be too long.
Why do all these people with laser hair want to get it removed?
When my mate gave me a leaflet about anger management, I lost it.
I didn't do too well in the pub quiz the other night.I know nothing about pubs.
Keep the dream alive.
Hit the snooze button.
My grandfathers funeral has cost us over 14,000 so far.I knew it was a bad idea to bury him in a rented suit.
Did you hear about the poker player who lost his arm and got a prosthetic replacement?
He's finding it hard to deal with.
What's the definition of a microwave?
A flea saying goodbye.
I slept right through the alarm this morning.
Good thing it was only a small fire.
Me: Doctor!
Doctor!
I feel like a pack of cards!
Dr: Sit down and I'll deal with you later.
I just got back from my mates funeral, he was killed by a tennis ball.
It was a cracking service.
How do you stop a dog from barking in the back seat of a car?
Put it in the front seat.
What is the same size and shape as an elephant yet weighs nothing?
An elephants shadow.
A boy is sitting on a park bench eating candy bar after candy bar after candy bar.
And a jogger stops and says to the boy "Hey kid, you know it's bad for you to sit there eating candy bar after candy bar after candy bar right?"
The kid replies "Hey Mister, my grandpa lived to be 97 years old!"
The man says "Really?
Did he sit there eating candy bar after candy bar after candy bar just like you?"
The boy replies "No, but he minded his own fucking business! "
An erotic person will use a feather on their partner.
A perverted person uses the whole chicken.
Do you know the difference between erotic and perverted?
Because no one's going to do me.
You might as well call me New Year's Resolution.
A young Irishman sits down for a pint at his local pub, and soon the Scot on the stool next to him strikes up a conversation.
You see the fishing pier out that window? asks the Scot.
I built that pier with me own bare hands.
But do they call me "MacGregor the Pier-maker?"
No.
And he takes a drink of his whisky.
You see the beautiful bar you're seated at?
I planed it down with me own achin' back.
But do they call me 'MacGregor the Bar-maker?'
No!
And he takes a drink of his whisky.
You see that long, stone fence in the distance?
I built that fence by meself, stone upon stone.
But do they call me 'MacGregor the Fence-maker?'
No.
No!
NO!
And he takes a drink of his whisky.
One day Superman was flying over the city doing his rounds when he noticed Wonder Woman sunbathing on the roof of the Justice League in all her naked glory.
Superman begins to think.
"Wait a minute.
I'm faster than a speeding bullet.
I could go down there, have all the sex I want and fly away before she notices."
So he takes a second to prepare and *jets* down to her, pumps away like mad and flies away before anyone is the wiser.
Then Wonder Woman exclaims, "What the hell was that!?"
And the Invisible Man says, "I don't know but my ass is killing me!"
During Cold War when the space race was at its highest.
Following is an report of communication between Houston and US moon rocket.
USMR: Houston, we see the SSSR ship approaching the Moon.
Houston: You have your orders.
Just wait.
USMR: Houston, the SSSR ship is in the Moon orbit.
Houston: Doesn't matter.
Keep waiting.
USMR: Houston, the SSSR ship is preparing for Moon landing.
Houston: That is OK, just wait.
USMR: Houston, the SSSR ship landed on the Moon!
Houston: Doesn't matter.
Keep waiting.
USMR: Houston, the SSSR crew started to unload buckets of red paint.
Houston: That is OK, just wait.
USMR: Houston, the SSSR crew started to paint the Moon red.
Houston: Doesn't matter.
Keep waiting.
USMR: Houston, the SSSR crew painted almost half of the Moon red.
Houston: That is OK, just wait.
USMR: Houston, the SSSR crew painted whole Moon red and is leaving Moon surface.
Houston: Good.
Here are your updated orders.
Start your engines and follow this trajectory towards Moon.
Land on the Moon.
In compartment 6CR on the landing module you have several buckets of white paint.
Take them out and write Coca-Cola.
After having been served in a Las Vegas cocktail lounge, a real southern gentleman beckoned the waitress back and said quietly, "Miss, y'all sure are a luvly, luvly lady; can ah persuade y'all to give me a piece of ass?"
"Lord, that's the most direct proposition I've ever had!" gasped the girl.
Then she looked around the room, smiled and added, "Sure, why not?
You're nice lookin' too and it's pretty slow here right now, so why don't we just slip away up to my room?"
When the pair returned half an hour later, the man sat down at the same table and the waitress asked, "Will there be anything else, sir?"
"Why yes," replied the southern gentleman.
"Ah sure 'preciate what y'all just did for me; it was real sweet and right neighbourly, but where ah come from in Albama, we lack our bourbon real cold, so ah still need to trouble y'all for a piece uh ass for mah drink."
A restaurateur needs to do something to get his business to pick up a bit, so he decides to open a piano bar.
He puts an ad in the paper for a piano player and holds an audition.
Unfortunately most of the applicants really aren't that good and just as he is about to give up and go home, a young man rushes in and asks if the auditions are still open.
The restaurateur figures what the heck, what's one more, so he's says wearily, "OK kid, can you play some classical music for me?"
The young man sits down at the piano and plays the most beautiful classical music the restaurateur has ever heard, however he doesn't recognize the piece, so when the kid ends he says," Wow kid that was fantastic, but what is the name of that song?"
The kid said,"Oh I wrote that myself.
It's called *your mother's bloody tampon*."
The restaurateur does a double take and says, "Excuse me?" and the kid says, "That's the name of the song: *Your mother's bloody tampon*."
The restaurateur simply doesn't know what to say in response, so he asks the kid if he can play some jazz and again the kid proceeds to sit down and just blow this guy's socks off with snazziest jazz he's ever heard.
But the restaurateur doesn't recognize this piece either, so when the kid finishes he says," What can I say kid?
You're brilliant!
But I've never heard that piece before: what's it called?" the young man smiles and says "Oh that's because I wrote that too.
It's called *I'm fucking your dog*".
The restaurateur says, "Look kid I want to hire you so bad, but the names of your songs, well they're atrocious.
I'll hire you, but only under one condition: you can *never*, I mean *never*, tell any of the patrons at the restaurant the names of any of your songs.
Do we have a deal?"
The young man says, "Sure no problem."
The restaurateur says, "OK then come to the restaurant at 8 pm ready to play.
You'll play for 2 hours, take half hour break, and then when you comeback you just take requests until closing time."
So the young man does his first shift, the crowd loves him, and after 2 hours announces, "Ladies and gentleman, I'm going to take a half hour break, and when I come back, I'll take requests for whatever you want to hear."
So he goes on his break, gets a bite to eat, goes out for a smoke and then figures he better hit the can real quick before he has to go back out.
He comes out of the bathroom, goes back onto the stage and announces, "OK I'm back!
Does anyone have a song they'd like me to play?"
A guy in the front says, "Psst.
Buddy do you know your fly is open and your dick is hanging out?"
The piano man beams," Know it?
Heck, I wrote it!"
Machine Diagnosis.
He was weaving the car a little oddly and they asked him to blow into the tube.
He passed them a piece of paper which said "This man is asthmatic, please don't ask him to blow something" signed by doctor.
So the police said "Well, then I'm afraid I'm going to have to take a blood sample".
He passed on another paper which said "This man is hemophiliac please don't take any blood out of him".
Just as the police said "Well in that case a urine sample" he gave them a final paper which said "This man is an English cricketer please don't take a piss out of him"
A man finally goes with his wife to church, after promising her for weeks that he'd go.
Surprisingly, the man was so impressed with the preacher's sermon he stopped on the way out to shake his hand.
"Preacher, I'll tell you, that was a DAMN fine sermon."
The preacher says, "Why thank you sir, but we don't used profanity in the house of the Lord."
The man says, "But preacher, seriously, I'm not a religious man, but that was the best DAMNED sermon I ever heard."
The preacher says again, "Sir, while I appreciate what you're trying to say, I must be blunt: DO NOT use curse words in the Lord's house again."
The man says, "Well, anyway, I was so impressed with your sermon that I placed $5000 dollars in the collection plate".
"No Shit!" says the Preacher.
Two women were walking their dogs one evening when they came across a club.
One woman, having never been to a club before said she wished she could go in right now except they wouldn't let her dog in.
The other woman proclaimed that was nonsense and to follow her lead.
She pulled a pair of dark sunglasses out of her purse and walked up to the bouncer.
They bouncer explained that they don't allow pets in the club.
"No, this is my seeing eye dog," she responded.
"A boxer??
That's unusual."
She said it was a new thing they were trying with her and then the bouncer let her in.
The second woman didn't really know how to follow up with that since two blind women together trying to get into a club might be suspicious.
She goes up to the bouncer anyway who tries to stop her from coming in with a pet.
She also says that it's her seeing eye dog.
"A chihuahua?
I've never seen one as a seeing eye dog before," the bouncer says to her.
She responds, "They gave me a fucking chihuahua?"
What do you call a supernatural being that only grants wishes to men?
An old man is sitting on his front porch one morning, enjoying the weather and having a cup of coffee.
Suddenly he sees a young boy walking down the road carrying several rolls of duct tape.
This obviously makes him curious so he calls out, "hey son, what are you doing with all that duct tape?"
The little boy replies, "I'm going to catch some ducks sir!"
The old man chuckles and calls out, "son don't be silly.
You can't catch ducks with duct tape!"
The little boy just smiles and yells "well I'm gonna try."
Several hours pass and the old man is out in his yard when the little boy walks past him dragging a whole bunch of ducks.
The old man just scratches his head and go's about his business.
The next morning the old man is having his morning coffee on the porch as usual and the little boy comes walking down the road.
As he gets closer the old man notices he is carrying a bunch of chicken wire.
He wonders what the lad is up to so he calls out "excuse me young man!
What's all that chicken wire for?"
The little boy calls out "I'm going to catch me some chickens!"
The old man scoffs and says "son that's not what chicken wire is for!
You're not gonna get any chickens with that!"
The young boy happily crys out "well I'm gonna try!"
Later that day the old man notices the boy walking down the road dragging several chickens.
He shakes his head and says, "well I'll be damned".
A few days later the old man is on his porch, having his morning coffee when the same little boy comes running down the road carrying a bundle of sticks.
The old man wonders what this is all about so he calls out "hey son!
What do you got there?"
The little boy yells back, "pussy willows sir!"
The old man stands up and says "wait up, let me grab my hat".
A married man was having an affair with his secretary.
One afternoon, they took off for her house where they made love for hours.
Exhausted from the wild sex, they feel asleep, awakening at 8:00 P.M. As the man threw on his clothes, he told the woman to take his shoes outside and rub them through the grass and dirt.
Mystified, she complied.
He then slipped into his shoes and drove home.
"Where have you been?" demanded his wife when he entered the house.
The man replied, "Darling, I can't lie to you.
I've been having an affair with my secretary and we've been having sex all afternoon and I fell asleep."
The wife glanced down at his shoes and said, "You lying bastard!"
"You've been playing golf!!"
He's been playing.
She's been played.
A European Count who had a fascination with the American West, arranged for a trip to a Texas town named Outlaw.
Outlaw was small but didn't know it and the town fathers were determined to impress the Count with their worldliness.
They arranged to have the local orchestra perform Beethoven's Ninth Symphony at the school auditorium after the traditional rodeo and barbecue.
The Count arrives and is suitably impressed.
At the barbecue he completely pigs out on steak, ribs, fried okra and cornbread.
He has seconds of everything and thirds of some.
Afterwards, he waddles to the auditorium and settles down to an evening of great music.
Unfortunately, the orchestra had been invited to the barbecue and the barbecue had kegs of beer.
By show time the two bass players were completely drunk and two of the tenors from the chorus were missing completely.
Undaunted, the orchestra kicked in and got through the first movement with only minor mishaps.
Since the school stage was fairly small, bringing the chorus on for the second movement entailed a lot of shuffling of chairs and in the confusion the directors score was knocked off its stand.
Try as they might, they couldn't get it to stay on the stand again and in desperation, they tie it on with a string.
Somewhat flustered, they gamely carried on until the schools overtaxed heating system kicked into overdrive and the ceiling fans started gyrating madly with a mighty racket.
The situation was practically unbearable.
You could cut the tension with a knife.
After all, it was the bottom of the ninth, the score was tied, the bass' were loaded with two men out, the count was full and the fans were going wild!
Jokes about the USA?
Let's see them!
A baker hires a young female assistant who likes to wear very short skirts and a thong.
One day a young man enters the store, glances at the assistant and then at the loaves of bread behind the counter.
Noticing the length of her skirt and the location of the raisin bread, he has a brilliant idea.
"I'd like some raisin bread please," the man says politely.
The girl nods and climbs up a ladder to reach the raisin bread, which is located on the very top shelf.
The young man, standing almost directly beneath her, gets an excellent view just as he planned.
Once she comes down he says he should get two loaves, as he is having company for dinner.
As the girl retrieves the second loaf of bread, one of the other male customers notices what is going on.
Thinking quickly, he requests his own loaf of raisin bread so he can continue to enjoy the view.
With each trip up the ladder, the young lady seems to catch the eye of another male customer.
Pretty soon, each male customer is asking for raisin bread, just to see her climb up and down.
After many trips she is tired, irritated and thinking that she is really going to have to try the bread herself.
Finally, once again atop the ladder, she stops and fumes, glaring at the men standing below.
She notices an elderly man standing amongst the crowd, staring up at her.
Thinking to save herself a trip, she yells at the elderly man: "Is it raisin for you, too?"
"No," stammers the old man: "but it's quivering a bit!"
A particularly dirty shabby looking woman asks for couple of dollars.
A woman was walking down the street when she was accosted by a particularly dirty and shabby-looking homeless woman who asked her for a couple of dollars for dinner.
The woman took out her wallet, extracted ten dollars and asked, "If I give you this money, will you buy some wine with it instead of dinner?"
"No," I had to stop drinking years ago, the homeless woman replied.
"Will you use it to go shopping instead of buying food?" the woman asked.
"No, I don't waste time shopping," the homeless woman said.
"I need to spend all my time trying to stay alive."
"Will you spend this on a beauty salon instead of food?" the woman asked.
"Are you NUTS!" replied the homeless woman.
"I haven't had my hair done in 20 years!"
"Well," said the woman, I'm not going to give you the money.
Instead, I'm going t o take you out for dinner with my husband and myself tonight.
The homeless Woman was astounded.
"Won't your husband be furious with you for doing that?
I know I'm dirty, and I probably smell pretty disgusting."
The woman replied, "That's okay.
It's important for him to see what a woman looks like after she has given up shopping, hair appointments and wine.
Why don't emus ever finish all the food on their plates?
They don't want to be ostrich-sized!
A Nobel award winning physicist, who was afraid of flying, was on speaking tour of the nation's top colleges.
He travelled by limousine to each destination to give his speech.
After two dozen engagements, the physicist and the limousine driver were having dinner before the next speech.
The limousine driver commented that he'd heard the speech enough times, and that even though he didn't understand it, he felt as if he could deliver it word-for-word.
So the physicist agreed to trade places and let him give the speech, and the physicist would sit in the back and wear the limousine driver's uniform.
After giving the speech flawlessly, the limousine driver opened the floor for questions from the students (typically there were none).
However, at this particular University there was a rather egotistical student who thought he was smart enough to compete mentally with the Nobel physicist.
The question took 5 minutes to get out and would require a rather lengthy explanation and some complex calculus to answer.
Without batting an eye, the limousine driver responded to the young student by saying, "The answer to that question is so easy, I'll let my limousine driver, seated in the back, respond."
Nobel award winning physicist and his limo driver.
There were three kingdoms, each bordering on the same lake.
For centuries, these kingdoms had fought over an island in the middle of that lake.
One day, they decided to have it out, once and for all.
The first kingdom was quite rich, and sent an army of 25 knights, each with three squires.
The night before the battle, the knights jousted and cavorted as their squires polished armor, cooked food, and sharpened weapons.
The second kingdom was not so wealthy, and sent only 10 knights, each with 2 squires.
The night before the battle, the knights cavorted and sharpened their weapons as the squires polished armor and prepared dinner.
The third kingdom was very poor, and only sent one elderly knght with his sole squire.
The night before the battle, the knight sharpened his weapon, while the squire, using a looped rope, slung a pot high over the fire to cook while he prepared the knight's armor.
The next day, the battle began.
All the knights of the first two kingdoms had cavorted a bit too much (one should never cavort while sharpening weapons and jousting) and could not fight.
The squire of the third kingdom could not rouse the elderly knight in time for combat.
So, in the absence of the knights, the squires fought.
The battle raged well into the late hours, but when the dust finally settled, a solitary figure limped from the carnage.
The lone squire from the third kingdom dragged himself away, beaten, bloodied, but victorious.
And it just goes to prove, the squire of the high pot and noose is equal to the sum of the squires of the other two sides.
Little Johnny was in class doing math problems when his teacher picked him to answer a question.
"Johnny, if there were five birds sitting on a fence and you shot one with your gun, how many would be left?"
"None," replied Johnny.
"The rest would fly away."
"Well, the answer is actually four," said the teacher.
- But I do like the way you’re thinking.
Little Johnny quickly replies.
"Well, I have a question for you.
Say you spot three women eating ice cream cones.
One is licking her cone, the second is biting her cone and the third is sucking her cone.
Which one of these women is married?"
"Well," says the teacher nervously, "I guess I’d say the one sucking the cone."
"No," says Little Johnny.
"The one with the wedding ring on her finger is married.
But I like the way you’re thinking."
The Answer Is Four (Teacher Joke).
On a bitterly cold winter's morning a husband and wife in the back woods of Minnesota were listening to the radio during breakfast.
They heard the announcer say, "We are going to have 8 to 10 inches of snow today.
You must park your car on the even-numbered side of the street, so snow plows can get through conveniently".
So the good wife went out and moved her car as instructed.
A week later while they are eating breakfast again, the radio announcer said, "We are expecting 10 to 12 inches of snow today.
You must park your car on the odd-numbered side of the street, so the snow plows can get through."
The good wife went out and moved her car again.
The next week they are again having breakfast when the radio announcer says, "We are expecting 12 to 14 inches of snow today.
You must park."
And the power goes off.
The good wife was very upset, and with a worried look on her face she said, "I don't know what to do.
Which side of the street do I need to park on so the snow plows can get through?"
With all the love and understanding that men who are married to blondes (and those with grey hair) always exhibit, the husband replied, "Honey, why don't you just leave it in the garage this time."
Winter weather emergency.
One day at primary school, the teacher said to the class of 5-year-olds, "I'll give 50 cents to the child who can tell me who was the most famous man who ever lived."
An Irish lad put his hand up and said, "It's Bono!"
"Sorry, Sean, that's not correct."
Then a Scottish boy put up his hand and said, "It's Sean Connery!"
The teacher replied, "I'm sorry, Harry, that's not right either."
Finally, a little Jewish girl raised her hand and said, "It was Jesus Christ."
The teacher said, "That's absolutely right, Esther.
Come up here and I'll give you your 50 cents."
As the teacher was giving Esther her money, she said, "You know Esther, you being Jewish, I was very surprised you said Jesus Christ."
Esther replied, "I know- in my heart it's Moses, but business is business."
A man and his dog walk into a bar, the man sits down, and his dog follows in suit.
The bartender asks, "What can I get you?"
The man orders a shot of whiskey and drinks it as soon as the glass hits the bar.
"That'll be $3.50." the bartender says promptly.
"What if I told you that my dog is able to talk?
Would you let me drink for free?"
The bartender quickly rebuts.
"A talking dog?
Sure, why not," - So the man looks to his dog and asks Ol' Scruffy; "Scruffy!
Tell this barkeep what keeps this bar dry during rainy days" "Ruff!" the dog says.
The bartender, now frustrated, says "Ok Pal, Where's my $3.50?"
The man waves him off and explains that Scruffy is merely jesting and orders another shot, which the bartender pours and watches the shot disappear.
"Ok Scruffy, who is the greatest baseball player that has ever played the game?"
"Ruff!"
The dog replies with a wagging tail.
The bartender now gets fed up with the man and his "talking" dog and throws them to the street.
The man gets up, wipes his face and looks to Scruffy.
Scruffy looks up and says "Well, I guess I should have said Joe DiMaggio".
Scientists predict the end of the world, they say that there will be a huge tsunami on earth in 2 weeks.
So presidents of all nations are now on tv to speak about it.
It starts with Barrack Obama: " My fellow americans, you have now 15 days to spend all of your dollars, so just buy some stuff and enjoy while you can".
Vladimir Poutine: "Mother Russia will be devastated in 2 weeks, and there will be nowhere else to live so i decided that you are now all free to speak and express yourself, enjoy it ".
Then in Israël, Bibi starts: "We have 15 days to figure out how we're gonna live under water..."
My wife received a credit-card application in the mail that she had not requested.
She didn’t want it, but I did.
So I crossed off my wife’s name on the form, entered my own and returned the application.
I soon got a phone call from a woman saying my application had been rejected.
I asked her why, and she told me the card could only be issued to the person originally solicited by the offer.
However, she invited me to reapply, which I did during the same telephone call.
A few days later I got another call to tell me my second application had been rejected.
Why?
The woman told me their files showed that I had previously applied for a card and had been denied.
3 Men went to Heaven.
3 men went to Heaven and God asked them, "My sons, why are you here?"
The first man stepped forward and said, "God, the reason why I am here was that i was driving down Main Street on my way to work when I felt like my wife is cheating me.
So I hit the next U-turn and I drove back.
When I came home, I found my wife laying in the bed naked.
So i flipped and started throwing things all over the house.
Finally, I was so pissed that I threw the refrigerator out the window.
I must've had a heart attack and died."
The second man stepped up and said to the first man: Well God, I was walking down the sidewalk minding my own business when out of nowhere a f@#$ing refrigerator fell out of an apartment window and crushed me.
While the two men thought, the third man was laughing his ass off.
God and the two men heard his laughing and said " What are you laughing about?"
The third man replied, " I was in the refrigerator the whole time".
Computer diagnosis.
One day, Pete complained to his friend, "My elbow really hurts.
I guess I should see a doctor."
His friend said, "Don't do that.
There's a computer at the drug store that can diagnose anything quicker and cheaper than a doctor.
Simply put in a sample of your urine, and the computer will diagnose your problem and tell you what you can do about and it will only cost you $10.00."
Pete figured he had nothing to lose, so he filled a jar with a urine sample and went to the drug store.
Finding the computer, he poured in the sample and deposited the $10.00.
The computer started making some noise and various lights started flashing.
After a brief pause, out popped a small slip of paper which read:
1.
You have tennis elbow.
2.
Soak your arm in warm water, avoid heavy labor.
3.
It will be better in two weeks.
That evening while thinking how amazing this new technology was and how it would change medical science forever, he began to wonder if this computer could be fooled.
He decided to give it a try.
He mixed together some tap water, a stool sample from his dog, and urine samples from his wife and daughter.
To top it off, he masturbated into the concoction.
He went back to the drug store, located the computer, poured in the sample and deposited the $10.00.
The machine again made the usual noises, flashed its alights, and printed out the following analysis:
1.
Your tap water is too hard.
2.
Get a water softener.
3.
Your dog has ringworm.
4.
Bathe him with anti-fungal shampoo.
5.
Your daughter is using cocaine.
6.
Put her in a rehabilitation clinic.
7.
Your wife is pregnant, twin girls.
They aren't yours.
Get a lawyer.
8.
And if you don't stop masturbating, your elbow will never get better.
A guy is driving down a country road when suddenly a chicken darts into the road ahead of him.
He swerves to miss it but is pretty sure he hit it.
When he looks in the rearview mirror, though, he doesn't see the chicken.
When he looks back forward, he sees that the chicken is running ahead of the car!
Since he's doing about 40 mph, this astounds him.
He decides to follow the chicken.
Down the road a bit, the chicken turns down a dirt lane and then runs into a barn yard, where a farmer is scattering feed to hundreds of free-range chickens.
He then notices that all of the chickens have four legs!
Incredulous, he asks the farmer what the deal is with the four-legged chickens.
"Well," the farmer replied, "I noticed that people really like their drumsticks and there are never enough to satisfy everyone who wants one at the dinner table.
So I spent years breeding a four-legged chicken so that everyone who wants a drumstick could have one."
"That's brilliant!" said the man.
"What do they taste like?"
"Don't know." answered the farmer.
Never been able to catch one.
The latest thing in the world of chickens.
New Year's Morning.
Somebody told me this really good joke the other day.
A young man was drunk and staggering about with a key in his hand.
A policeman walks up and says, "What's going on here?"
"They stole my car!", answered the drunk.
"Where did you last see it?", asked the policeman.
"On the end of this key!", the man replied.
The policeman looks him over and says, "Sir, are you aware that your penis is hanging out of your trousers?"
"Holy shit!", the drunk cried.
"They got my girlfriend too!"
Young Isaac knocks on his boss's door.
Boss: "come in!, yes Isaac what can i do for you?"
Isaac: "I can't work here anymore!
I quit!
Everyone who work here is anti-semite!"
Boss: "What?
What are you talking about?
I guess there might be one or two, but everyone? come on, it's ridiculous!"
Isaac " I am telling you!
They are!
I asked all of them one question, and they all gave me the same answer."
Boss: "But what was that question?"
Isaac: " I asked waht would they think if we exterminate all the jews and all the hairdressers".
Boss: "Hairdressers?
Why the hairdressers?"
Isaac: "See?
You're all the same".
There were two nuns,one of them was known as Sister Mathematical (SM), and the other one was known as Sister Logical (SL)
It is getting dark and they are still far away from the convent.
SM: Have you noticed that a man has been following us for the past thirty-eight and a half minutes?
I wonder what he wants.
SL: It's logical He wants to rape us.
SM: Oh, no!
At this rate he will reach us in 15 minutes at the most!
What can we do?
SL: The only logical thing to do of course is to walk faster.
SM: It's not working.
SL: Of course it's not working.
The man did the only logical thing.
He started to walk faster, too.
SM : So, what shall we do?
At this rate he will reach us in one minute.
SL: The only logical thing we can do is split.
You go that way and I'll go this way.
He cannot follow us both.
So the man decided to follow Sister Logical.
Sister Mathematical arrives at the convent and is worried about what has happened to Sister Logical .
Then Sister Logical arrives.
SM: Sister Logical !
Thank God you are here!
Tell me what happened!
SL : The only logical thing happened.
The man couldn't follow us both,so he followed me
SM : Yes, yes!
But what happened then?
SL : The only logical thing happened.
I started to run as fast as I could and he started to run as fast as he could.
SM : And?
SL : The only logical thing happened.
He reached me.
SM : Oh, dear!
What did you do?
SL : The only logical thing to do.
I lifted my dress up.
SM : Oh, Sister!
What did the man do?
SL : The only logical thing to do.
He pulled down his pants.
SM: Oh, no!
What happened then?
SL : Isn't it logical, Sister?
A nun with her dress up can run faster than man with his pants down.
3 men were exploring some deep jungles when they came across a cannibal tribe.
The 3 men were taken to the cannibal chief.
After some begging and pleading by the 3 men, the cannibal chief decides to show some mercy.
He says "You 3 men go out into the jungle.
You come back with 10pcs of fruit each.
Then I will explain your next move."
The first comes back with 10 apples.
The chief says: "You must get each piece and dive it up your ass.
No sounds, no emotions or I kill you."
The man begins.
After the 3rd apple, he screams.
The chief immediately cuts of his head.
The second returns with 10 blueberries.
The chief responds: "You choose wisely.
Now shove each piece up your ass.
No moaning no emotion or I kill you."
The man proceeds.
7.
8.
9.
Then he starts busting up laughing.
The chief responds: "Now I have to kill you.
But why did you laugh?
You almost pulled it off."
The man replies, I'm sorry chief.
I just saw my friend coming.
He has 10 pineapples!!"
Did you hear about the burger van that crashed into the casino?
There were chips everywhere.
In a fight, I can beat anybody with one hand.
The guys with two hands are always more difficult though.
I hated my job as an origami teacher.Too much paperwork.
A number 12 walks into a bar, The barman says Sorry but we can't serve you, you're clearly under 18.
Why can't a leopard play hide and seek?
Because hes always spotted.
Why are there so many Smiths in the phone book?
Cos they all have phones.
When we were kids, we couldnt afford toys, holidays or even school uniforms.So our parents paid for them.
I asked my gym instructor if he could teach me to do the splits.He said How flexible are you?.
I said I can't make Tuesdays.
Which month has 28 days in it?
All of them.
Why are four legged animals bad dancers?
Cos they have two left feet.
Today is an incredible day for mankind. for today I will rewrite history.
History.
Why couldnt the pirate play cards?
Because he was sitting on the deck.
My new job as a taxidermist is pretty boring.
All I do is sit around and stuff.
People always say that tattoos are a great way of preserving precious memories.
In case you forget that anchor, or your Mothers name.
What do Rhinoceroses have that no other animal on earth has?
Baby Rhinoceroses.
Why can't the human ear detect a dogs whistle?
Because dogs can't whistle.
I asked God for a bike, but then I realised God doesn't work that way.So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
I don't mean to be pedantic, but does anyone actually have the Ghostbusters number?
Why was the computer tired when it got home from work?Cos it had a hard drive.
Whats orange and sounds like a parrot?A carrot.
Why did the tomato blush?Because it saw the salad dressing!
I don't know why anyone would ever want a pocket calculator.
It's really easy to count how many pockets I’ve got.
I struggled to lift a bottle of water earlier.
It was an Evian.
My girlfriend just told me shes really randy.
Devastated to find out she's actually a bloke.
I once encountered a bear in the woods and accidentally played Dad instead of dead.
Now it can ride a bike without stabilisers.
I arranged to meet someone last night for some No Strings Attached fun.
I was bitterly disappointed when Pinocchio turned up.
A woman walks into a bar and asks the barman for a double-entendre.
So he gives her one.
What do you call the kid who finally stands up to the bullies?
An ambulance.
Mary had a little lamb, and then she had dessert.
Whats big, green and has a trunk?
An unripe elephant.
I just got a car for my wife.
Great swap!
People keep telling me I’ve got a good head on my shoulders.I wish they'd stop pointing out that I haven't got a neck.
My father died of exhaustion after winning the Tour de France,I told him not to do a lap of honour.
What's round and bad-tempered?
A vicious circle.
Thieves have broken into my house and stolen everything except my soap, shower gel, towels and deodorant.
The dirty bastards!
There are countless films without dracula in them.
How do birds see what's behind them?By looking in their wing mirrors.
Doctor Doctor, I keep thinking I'm a cat.
Oh really, how long have you felt like this?Ever since I was a kitten.
My mate just showed me his amazing new wind turbine.
I was blown away!
Never get behind the Devil in a Post Office queue.
For the Devil has many forms.
I told my wife she'd look better with her hair back.
She was furious!I guess it was wrong to say that to a woman who's gone bald.
I just love the F5 key on my keyboard.
It's so refreshing.
How did Darth Vader know what Luke has gotten him for Christmas?
He felt his presents.
I just hit 180 going down the M6 and people told me car darts was a bad idea.
Age is just a number.
Nonsense!
It's quite clearly a word!
My father didn't love me as a child.
Not surpirising really, I wasn't born until he was an adult.
If at first you dont succeed, then skydiving probably isnt for you.
Our old sofa felt terrible, but now it's fully recovered.
I have the attention of a goldfish.
It's been staring at me for a few minutes now.
I was hanging with a group of friends this morning when I realised, I probably shouldn't have joined a suicide cult.
Girl: You would be a good dancer except for two things.
Boy: What are the two things?
Girl: Your feet.
Pupil: Sir, would you punish someone for something they didn’t do?
Teacher:Of course not.
Pupil:Oh good, because I didn’t do my homework.
My friend said he knew a man with a wooden leg named Smith.
So I asked him: "What was the name of his other leg?"
Mother: "Did you enjoy your first day at school?"
Girl: "First day?
Do you mean I have to go back tomorrow?"
Headmaster: I’ve had complaints about you, Johnny, from all your teachers.
What have you been doing?
Johnny: Nothing, sir.
Headmaster: Exactly.
A teenage girl had been talking on the phone for about half an hour, and then she hung up.
"Wow!," said her father.
That was short.
You usually talk for two hours.
What happened?"
"Wrong number," replied the girl.
Little Johnny: Teacher, can I go to the bathroom?
Teacher: Little Johnny, MAY I go to the bathroom?
Little Johnny: But I asked first!
"Excuse me.
Do you know the way to the zoo?"
"No, I’m sorry I don’t."
"Well, it’s two blocks this way, then one block to the left."
The teacher to a student: Conjugate the verb "to walk" in simple present.
The student: I walk.
You walk .
The teacher interrupts him: Quicker please.
The student: I run.
You run .
Father: What did you do today to help your mother?
Son: I dried the dishes.
Daughter: And I helped pick up the pieces.
Teacher: Look at your face I know what you had for breakfast.
Pupil: What was it?
Teacher: Eggs.
Pupil: No, that was yesterday.
Teacher: Did your father help you with your homework?
Student: No, he did it all by himself.
"Spell SPOT three times."
"S P O T , S P O T , S P O T".
"What do you do when you come to a green light?"
(answer is invariably-) "Stop!"
"What, at a GREEN light?"
Teacher: Tell me a sentence that starts with an "I".
Student: I is the.
Teacher: Stop!
Never put ‘is’ after an "I".
Student: OK.
I am the ninth letter of the alphabet.
A family of mice were surprised by a big cat.
Father Mouse jumped and and said, "Bow-wow!".
The cat ran away.
"What was that, Father?" asked Baby Mouse.
"Well, son, that’s why it’s important to learn a second language."
When Jane came back home after her first day at school, her mother asked:
"Well, darling, what did they teach you?"
"Not much," answered the little girl.
"I’ve got to go there again tomorrow."
"I can’t understand how it’s possible for one person to make such a lot of mistakes in a short essay."
"It isn’t one person, sir, Father helped me."
The teacher: "Didn’t Johnny Grey help you do these sums, Billy?"
Billy: "No, miss, he didn’t."
The teacher: "Billy, are you sure he didn’t help you?"
Billy: "No, miss, he didn’t help me, he did them all by himself."
The teacher: "Jimmy, can you tell me what a fishing-net is made of?"
Jimmy: "A lot of little holes tied together with string."
The teacher: "Ann, what animal eats least?"
Ann: "The moth.
It eats nothing but holes."
"Billy, you should wipe your mouth after a meal.
I can see what you had for breakfast today."
"What was it, Mr. Brown?"
"Eggs."
"Oh, no, sir!
That was yesterday!"
A teacher was telling his pupils about the four seasons.
"And now, who can tell me the best time for picking fruit?"
"When the dog is tied up."
"Dad, why do they call our language mother-tongue?"
"Well, don’t you hear who uses it most?"
"Jim, spell the word cigarette."
"Well, sir, Father doesn’t let me smoke, and I’m sure he wouldn’t like me even to spell the word cigarette."
In a history textbook it was written, "In 1847—48 potatoes were the only food of the Irish peasants."
A boy in class read it as follows: "In 1847, forty-eight potatoes were the only food of the Irish peasants."
A teacher was explaining fractions to his class of girls and boys.
After having written several examples on the blackboard, he asked a boy whether he would prefer one-fifth or one-eighth of a lemon.
"I’d prefer one-eighth, sir."
Then the teacher began to explain again that though the fraction one-eighth looked larger than the fraction one-fifth, it was really the smaller of the two.
"I know that, sir.
I don’t like lemons!"
The School Board in a country district heard that discipline was bad in one of the schools.
The Inspector, a tall, strong man, said he would teach them a lesson.
He drove to the school and heard a lot of noise in one of the classrooms.
He went in and threw out the biggest boy.
The class began to laugh.
"What are you laughing at?"
"Sir, you’ve thrown out the only one of us who never gives any trouble to the teachers."
The Professor: "And so we find that X is equal to zero."
The Student: "Oh, dear, so much work for nothing!"
The Professor: "Can you tell me something about the great inventors of the 19th century?"
The Student: "Oh, yes, of course, they are all dead, sir."
Тhe Student: "Well, sir, I don’t think I deserve a zero."
The Professor: "Neither do I, but you see, it’s the lowest mark I’m allowed to give to a student."
The Professor: "You missed my lecture yesterday, didn’t you?"
The Student: "Not at all, sir, not at all!"
The Professor: "Oxygen is necessary to life.
Nothing could live without oxygen.
It was discovered a century ago."
The Student: "I’d like to know how they had managed before it was discovered."
The Student: "What’s the date of today, sir?"
The Professor: "Never mind the date.
The answers to the questions are far more important.
The Student: "Well, sir, I wanted to have at least one thing right on my paper."
The Professor: "Smith, what does HNO mean?"
Smith: "Just a minute, sir, I know.
I know, I’ve got it right on the tip of my tongue!"
The Professor: "Well, you’d better spit it out at once.
It’s poison."
Teacher: How many seconds in a minute?
Pupil: 60.
Teacher: How many minutes in an hour?
Pupil: 60.
Teacher: Good, now for a hard one, how many seconds in a year?
Pupil: 12.
Teacher: 12?
Is it right?
Pupil: Yes it is, January 2nd, February 2nd, March 2nd.
A teacher asks her class: Who is smart here?
Put up your hand.
Then all the boys and girls except Peter raise their hand.
Teacher: Peter, why aren’t you raising your hand?
Peter: Because if I raise my hand then you’ll be all alone.
A girl came home after school and showed her mum her test score.
Mum: Why is your test score so low?
Daughter: Because of absence.
Mum: You were absent?
Daughter: No, the girl next to me was.
A math teacher is going to ask a complicated question, so he says her pupils: whoever answers my next question, can go home.
After her words sly Brian throws his backpack out the window.
Teacher asks: who just threw that?!
Brian: Me!
It was your question.
May I go home now?
A new teacher comes in the class, sees many boys and girls and says strictly, "All the troublemakers stand up!"
Finally little Sue stands up and the teacher asks, "Are you a troublemaker?"
Sue answers, "No."
Then the teacher asks why Sue is standing.
And the girl says, "You look so lonely."
Simon didn’t do his homework.
At the lesson his teacher Miss Clark asks him, "Where’s your homework?"
Simon: I couldn’t do it.
There was too much noise at home.
Miss Clark: Noise?
All evening?
What kind of noise?
Simon: It was the TV.
It was too loud.
I couldn’t do my homework.
Miss Clark: Surely you could have asked them to turn the sound down?
Simon: No, Miss.
There was no one else in the room.
At the first lesson after summer vacations a teacher welcomes her pupils: "Hello boys and girls.
Remember!
Nothing is impossible."
The wittiest boy says: "Ok Miss, You please try to take out all the toothpastes and put back it into the tube again."
At the chemistry lesson the teacher asks: Tom, what is the chemical formula for water?
Tom: H-I-J-K-L-M-N-O!
Teacher: What are you talking about?
Tom: At last lesson you said it’s H to O!
Mark to his teacher: Sir my parents wanted me to tell you that they were really pleased with my last report in parent teacher’s meeting.
Teacher: But I told them you were a complete idiot.
Mark: Yeah, it’s the first time that anyone in our family has been really good on something.
An American and a Russian are arguing about which country has more freedom.
The American says, "I can walk right up to the White House and shout 'Down with Donald Trump!' and nothing bad will happen to me".
The Russian replies, "Guess what?
I can walk in front of Kremlin and shout 'Down with Donald Trump!' and nothing will happen to me either".
Vladimir Putin celebrated his birthday.
He had a nice party, but it got awkward when two of his friends got him the same country.
Question to Radio Armenia: "Is it possible to build Communism in a random capitalist country like, say, the Netherlands?"
Answer: "Of course it's possible.
But what have the Netherlands ever done to you?".
Question: When was the first Russian election held?
Answer: The time that God set Eve in front of Adam and said, "Go ahead, choose your wife."
Russian doctor: "This medicine is from insomnia, this one is from nervous break-down, and also take this one from depression".
Patient: "Thank you very much, doctor, but do you have any other medicine besides vodka?"
It seems that England's royal family is running out of money.
They are down to just $1.6 million.
Well sure, that's what happens when nobody in your family has had a job for the last thousand years.
In fact, to make ends meet the Queen is thinking of having a yard sale.
Getting rid of a lot of stuff they don't use anymore, like Canada.
Queen Elizabeth met the royal baby yesterday.
The baby cried, so Queen Elizabeth explained: "You'll never have to work a day in your life".
A liberal is just a conservative that hasn't been mugged yet.
Don't steal, don't lie and don't cheat.
The government hates competition.
I don't approve of political jokes...
I've seen too many of them get elected.
My love is like communism; everyone gets a share, and it's only good in theory.
Question: What do you call a basement full of Liberals?
Answer: A whine cellar.
Three tomatoes are walkin' down the street.
Papa Tomato, Mama Tomato and Baby Tomato.
Baby Tomato starts lagging behind, and Papa Tomato gets really angry.
Goes back and squishes him and says: "Catch up".
I work harder than God.
If He had hired me, He would have made the world by Thursday.
There's an old joke ...
Two elderly women are at a Catskill mountain resort.
And one of 'em says, "Boy, the food at this place is really terrible".
The other one says, "Yeah, I know.
And such small portions".
`Brilliant Ideas' -- David, your ideas are like diamonds. -- You mean they are so valuable? -- No, I mean they are so rare.
`Terrible Grades' Teacher to doctor's daughter: Your grades are terrible!
I shall send for your farther!
The doctor's daughter: If I were you, teacher, I wouldn't.
Daddy always charges 20 dollars for each visit.
`Big Boss' One day a woman goes to a pet shop to buy a parrot.
The assistant takes the woman to the section with parrots and suggests that she choose one.
The woman is interested in the price, "How much is the orange one?"
The man says, "$3000."
The woman is really surprised and asks the man why the orange parrot is so expensive.
The man replies, "He costs $6000 because he can not only type very fast, but he also answers incoming calls and takes notes."
"What about the red parrot?"
The man says, "That one's $10,000."
The woman is very surprised, "What does HE do?"
The man replies, "I don't know, but the other call him boss."
'Invisible' A psychiatrist's secretary walks into his office and says, "There's a gentleman in the waiting room asking to see you.
He says he's invisible."
The psychiatrist responds, "OK.
Tell him I can't see him."
`Will' A man went to his lawyer and said: -- I would like to make a will but I don't know exactly how to go about it.
The lawyer says: -- Don't worry, leave it all to me.
The man looks somewhat upset... -- Well I knew you were going to take the biggest slice - but I'd like to leave a little to my children too!
`Say No to Exams' It takes 15 trees to produce the amount of paper that we use to write one exam.
Join us in promoting the noble cause of saving trees.
SAY NO TO EXAM.
`The Perfect Son' A: I have the perfect son.
B: Does he smoke?
A: No, he doesn't.
B: Does he drink whiskey?
A: No, he doesn't.
B: Does he ever come home late?
A: No, he doesn't.
B: I guess you really do have the perfect son.
How old is he?
A: He will be six months old next Wednesday.
`The Principal's Daughter' Boy: Our principal is so stupid.
-Girl: Do you know who I am?
-Boy: No, I don't.
-Girl: I am the principal's daughter.
-Boy: Do you know who I am?
-G - No, I don't.
-Boy: Good (and walks away).
`A Work Station' A bus station is where a bus stops.
A train station is where a train stops.
On my desk, I have a work station.
`Exhausted Hunter' An exhausted hunter out in the wilds stumbled into a camp.
"Am I glad to see you!" he said.
"I've been lost for 3 days."
"Don't get too excited, friend," the other hunter replied.
"I've been lost for 3 weeks."
Yor mom so dumb, she tried to surf the microwave.
There's a new hat that cures insomnia.
It's called the Slumbero.
I just saw some idiot at the gym...
He put a water bottle in the Pringles holder on the treadmill!
After an MCAT exam, a father asks his son, "How did it go son?".
Young man, looking rather reproachful, replied, "It went well dad.
In fact, it went so well that I will retake it again next year."
So grateful somebody invented window blinds...
Or it would be curtains for all of us!
I can't take my dog to the park because the ducks keep trying to bite him...
I guess that's what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
Tequila is an excellent teacher...
Just last night it taught me to count...
One Tequila, Two Tequila, Three Tequila, Floor!
-- Don't give up on your dreams.
-- Really?
You mean it?
-- Yeah, just keep sleeping.
Lawyer: "Is it a crime to throw sodium in your enemy's eyes?"
Judge: "Yes, that's assault."
Lawyer: "I know it's a salt but is it a crime?"
It never fails...
Cashiers are always checking me out.
-- Yoda, are you sure we're headed in the right direction?
-- Off course we are...
How does a bunny eat?
Very carrotfully!
I am so old...
When walking into a bar they checked my pulse instead of my ID!
A company owner was asked a question, "How do you motivate your employees to be so punctual?"
He smiled and replied, "It's simple.
I have 30 employees and 29 free parking spaces.
One is paid parking."
What did the buffalo say when his son left for college?
Bison!
My electrician's favorite philosopher is Voltaire.
When the hockey season was suspended our Zamboni driver went missing.
We weren't worried as we knew he would resurface.
A sweater I bought was picking up static electricity, so I returned it to the store.
They gave me another one, free of charge.
A man pulls up to the curb and asks the policeman, "Can I park here?"
"No," says the cop.
"What about all these other cars?"
"They didn't ask!"
I signed up for an exercise class and was told to wear loose fitting clothing...
If I had any loose fitting clothing, I wouldn't have signed up in the first place!
Reporter: What made you go out on that dangerous pond ice and risk your life to save a friend?
Boy: I had to do it.
- He had my skates on.
Lady (to her doctor): "What l am worried about is my height and not my weight."
Doctor: "How come?"
Lady: "According to my weight, my height should be 7 feet, 8 inches." : ,
HR: "This is your revised salary.
We recommend you keep it confidential."
Employee: "Don't worry, I'm equally ashamed of it."
My horoscope said I was going to get my heart broken in 12 years time...
So I bought a puppy to cheer me up.
Student: Brains like Bermuda triangle - when information goes in it is never found again.
Teacher: I killed a person.
Tom Green, convert this sentence into Future Tense, please.
Student Tom Green: You will go to jail.
If a single teacher can't teach us all subjects, then how can you expect a student to learn all of them?
Hardwork never killed anybody, but why take a chance?
Wife: Darling, yesterday night I saw a wonderful dream - you were sending me expensive clothes and jewelry.
Husband: Yeah, and I saw your dad paying the bill.
I always learn from the others' mistakes -- those who take my advice.
- What is the longest word in the English language?
- "Smiles".
Because there is a mile between its first and last letters!
The girl and the boy are talking.
The girl says,"You could be an excellent dancer except for two things."
The boy asks, "And what are they?"
The girl answers,"Your feet."
-- Will you tell me your name? -- Will.
Knot. -- Why not?
Once Bernard Shaw dropped the phrase that all women are corrupt.
The English Queen heard that and when meeting Shaw, asked him:
-- "Is it true, sir, that you are saying that all women are corrupt?"
-- "Yes, Your Majesty."
-- And me too?! -- exclaimed the queen indignantly.
-- "And you too, Your Majesty," Shaw said calmly.
-- "And how much am I worth?" asked the queen.
-- "Ten thousand pounds" Shaw said at once.
-- What, so cheap?! -- The queen resented.
-- "You see, you are already bargaining about the price," the playwright smiled.
One day a little girl was sitting and watching her mother do the dishes at the kitchen sink.
She suddenly noticed that her mother had several strands of white hair sticking out in contrast to her brunette hair.
She looked at her mother and inquisitively asked, "Why are some of your hairs white, Mom?"
Her mother replied, "Well, every time that you do something wrong and make me cry or unhappy, one of my hairs turns white."
The little girl thought about this revelation for a while and then said, "Momma, how come all of grandma's hairs are white?"
Police in Los Angeles had good luck with a robbery suspect who just couldn't control himself during a lineup.
When detectives asked each man in the lineup to repeat the words, "Give me all your money or I'll shoot," the man shouted, "That's not what I said!"
A friend was in front of me coming out of church one day, and the preacher was standing at the door as he always is to shake hands.
He grabbed my friend by the hand and pulled him aside.
Pastor said, "You need to join the Army of the Lord!"
My friend said, "I'm already in the Army of the Lord, Pastor."
Pastor questioned, "How come I don't see you except at Christmas and Easter?"
He whispered back, "I'm in the Secret Service."
A preacher went into his church and he was praying to God.
While he was praying, he asked God, "How long is 10 million years to you?"
He replied, "1 second."
The next day the preacher asked God, "God, how much is 10 million dollars to you?"
And God replied, "A penny."
Then finally the next day the preacher asked God, "God, can I have one of your pennies?"
And God replied, "Just wait a sec."
At the cocktail party, one woman said to another:"Aren't you wearing your wedding ring on the wrong finger?"
The other replied, "Yes, I am, I married the wrong man."
A speeding motorist was caught by radar from a police helicopter in the sky.
An officer pulled him over and began to issue a traffic ticket."
How did you know I was speeding?" the frustrated driver asked.
The police officer pointed somberly toward the sky.
"You mean," asked the motorist, "that even He is against me?"
When the new patient was settled comfortably on the couch, the physiatrist began his therapy session: "I'm not aware of your problem," the doctor said.
"So perhaps, you should start at the very beginning.""Of course." replied the patient."In the beginning, I created the Heavens and the Earth..."
In a psychiatrist's waiting room two patients are having a conversation.
One says to the other, "Why are you here?"
The second answers, "I'm Napoleon, so the doctor told me to come here."
The first is curious and asks, "How do you know that you're Napoleon?"
The second responds, "God told me I was."
At this point, a patient on the other side of the room shouts, "NO I DIDN'T!"
A man was driving down the road with twenty penguins in the back seat.
The police stop him and say that he can't drive around with the penguins in the car and should take them to the zoo.
The man agrees and drives off.
The next day the same man is driving down the road with twenty penguins in the back and again he is stopped by the same police officer who says, "Hey!
I thought I told you to take those to the zoo."
The man replies, "I did.
Today I'm taking them to the movies."
Did you hear about the kid who was pulled over for speeding?The cop got out of his car and the young man rolled down his window."I've been waiting for you all day," the cop said.The guy replied, "Yeah, well I got here as fast as I could."When the cop finally stopped laughing, he sent the kid on his way without a ticket.
Two young boys were spending the night at their grandparents the week before Christmas.
At bedtime, the two boys knelt beside their beds to say their prayers when the youngest one began praying at the top of his lungs."I PRAY FOR A NEW BICYCLE...I PRAY FOR A NEW NINTENDO...I PRAY FOR A NEW VCR..."
His older brother leaned over and nudged the younger brother and said: "Why are you shouting your prayers?
God isn't deaf."
To which the little brother replied, "No, but Grandma is!"
A small child met his new teacher for the first time.
"Are you good?" asked the teacher."
I am the sort of boy my mummy tells me not to play with."
Three boys are at school bragging of how great their fathers are.
The first one says: "Well, my father runs the fastest.
He can fire an arrow, and start to run, I tell you, he gets there before the arrow."The second one says: "Ha!
You think that's fast!
My father is a hunter.
He can shoot his gun and be there before the bullet."The third one listens to the other two and shakes his head.
He then says: "You two know nothing about being fast.
My father works for the city.
He stops working at 4:30 and he is home by 3:45!"
Horace grabbed his plate and walked up to the buffet for the fourth time.
"Aren't you embarrassed to go for so many helpings?" asked his wife.
"Not a bit," Horace replied, "I keep telling them it's for you."
An exhausted hunter out in the wilds stumbled into a camp.
"Am I glad to see you!" he said.
"I've been lost for 3 days."
"Don't get too excited, friend," the other hunter replied, "I've been lost for 3 weeks."
Eight-year-old Sally brought her report card home from school.
Her marks were good: mostly A's, and a couple of B's.However, her teacher had written across the bottom: "Sally is a smart little girl, but she has one fault.
She talks too much in school.
I have an idea I am going to try, which I think may break her of the habit."Sally's dad signed her report card, putting a note on the back: "Please let me know if your idea works on Sally because I would like to try it out on her mother."
Two girls were having coffee when one noticed that the other girl seemed troubled and asked her: "Is something bugging you?
You look anxious."
"Well, my boyfriend just lost all his money and life savings in the stock market," - she explained.
"Oh, that's too bad," - the other girl sympathized.
"I'm sure you're feeling sorry for him."
"Yeah, I am," - she said.
"He'll really miss me."
One night a father sent his kid to bed.
Five minutes later the boy screamed: "Dad!
Can you get me a glass of water!?!""No.
You had your chance."A minute later the boy screamed: "Dad!!
Can you get me a glass of water?""No.
You had your chance.
Next time you ask I'll come up there and spank you.""Dad!
When you come up to spank me can you bring me a glass of water?"
A man met his tailor in the street and stopped him."I quite forgot to pay for the suit which I have on now," he said.
"Why didn't you remind me?""I never ask a gentleman for money," the tailor replied."Then what do you do if he doesn't pay?""Well, after some time I no longer think he is a gentleman and then I ask him."
Little Johnny and his family lived in the country, and as a result seldom had guests.
He was eager to help his mother after his father appeared with two dinner guests from the office.
When the dinner was nearly over, Little Johnny went to the kitchen and proudly carried in the first piece of apple pie, giving it to his father who passed it to a guest.
Little Johnny came in with a second piece of pie and gave it to his father, who again gave it to a guest.
This was too much for Little Johnny, who said: "It's no use, Dad.
The pieces are all the same size."
A young boy had just gotten his driving permit.
He asked his father, who was a minister, if they could discuss the use of the car.His father took him to his study and said to him: "I'll make a deal with you.
You bring your grades up, study your Bible a little and get your hair cut and we'll talk about it."After about a month the boy came back and again asked his father if they could discuss the use of the car.
They again went to the father's study where his father said: "Son, I've been real proud of you.
You have brought your grades up, you've studied your Bible diligently, but you didn't get your hair cut!"The young man waited a moment and replied: "You know Dad, I've been thinking about that.
You know, Samson had long hair, Moses had long hair, Noah had long hair, and even Jesus had long hair...."To which his father replied, "Yes, and they WALKED everywhere they went, too!"
An elderly woman went to the doctor's office.
She was seen by a new, young physician.
After about 4 minutes in the examination room, she burst out and ran down the hall screaming.An older doctor stopped her and asked what was the problem.
She explained what had happened.
The new doctor put her into a waiting room, asked her to relax, then gave her his diagnosis.The older doctor stormed back to the first doctor and demanded: "What's the matter with you?
Mrs. Terry is 63 years old, she has four grown children and seven grandchildren, and you told her she was pregnant?"The new doctor continued to write on his chart and said: "Does she still have the hiccups?"
A man in Florida, in his 80s, calls his son in New York.The father says to the son: "I hate to tell you, but we've got some troubles here in the house.
Your mother and I can't stand each other anymore, and we're getting a divorce.
I've had it!
I want to live out the rest of my years in peace.
I'm telling you now, so you and your sister shouldn't go into shock later when I move out."He hangs up, and the son immediately calls his sister in the Hamptons and tells her the news.The sister says: "I'll handle this!"
She calls Florida and says to her father: "Don't do anything until we get there!
We'll be there Wednesday night."
The father agrees: "All right."He hangs up the phone and hollers to his wife: "Okay, they're coming for Thanksgiving.
Now, what are we going to tell them for Christmas?"
One night, a lady stumbled into the police station with a black eye.
She claimed she heard a noise in her back yard and went to investigate.
The next thing she knew, she was hit in the eye and knocked out cold.
An officer was sent to her house to investigate, and he returned one hour later with a black eye."Did you get hit by the same person?" his captain asked.
"No," - he replied.
"I stepped on the same rake."
An old man is sitting on a park bench crying his eyes out.
A young jogger comes by and asks him what is the matter.The old man says, "I'm a multimillionare, I have a great big house, the fastest car in the world and I just married a beautiful blonde bombshell who satisfies me every night in bed whether I like it or not (sob)."The young jogger says, "Man, you have everything I have ever dreamed for in my life.
What could be so wrong in your life that you are sitting here in the park crying?"The old man says, "I can't remember where I live."
Eight-year-old Nina brought her report card home from school.
Her marks were good...mostly A's and a couple of B's.
However, her teacher had written across the bottom: "Nina is a smart little girl, but she has one fault.
She talks too much in school.
I have an idea I am going to try, which I think may break her of the habit."
Nina's dad signed her report card, putting a note on the back: "Please let me know if your idea works on Nina because I would like to try it out on her mother."
A police officer in a small town stopped a motorist who was speeding down Main Street.
"But officer." the man began, "I can explain."
"Just be quiet," snapped the officer.
"I'm going to let you cool your heels in jail until the chief gets back..."
"But officer, I just wanted to say...."
"And I said to keep quiet!
You're going to jail!"
A few hours later the officer looked in on his prisoner and said, "Lucky for you that the chief is at his daughter's wedding.
He'll be in a good mood when he gets back."
"Don't count on it," answered the fellow in the cell.
"I'm the groom."
A man comes home from work, sits in his lazyboy in front of the TV and rudely tells his wife, 'Gimme a beer before it starts.'
She gives him his beer.
About 15 minutes later, he says again, 'Gimme a beer before it starts.'
She does.
A few minutes later, he asks again for a beer.
The wife says, "Don't you think you're drinking too much beer?
It hasn't been half an hour that you got here and you've already had two beers.
I'm getting fed up with this."
The husband looks up and mumbles, 'Now it starts.'
A blonde goes into a nearby store and asks a clerk if she can buy the TV in the corner.The clerk looks at her and says that he doesn't serve blondes, so she goes back home and dyes her hair black.
The next day she returns to the store and asks the same thing, and again, the clerk said he doesn't serve blondes.
Frustrated, the blonde goes home and dyes her hair yet again, to a shade of red.
Sure that a clerk would sell her the TV this time, she returns and asks a different clerk this time.
To her astonishment, this clerk also says that she doesn't serve blondes.
The blonde asks the clerk, "How in the world do you know I am a blonde?"
The clerk looks at her disgustedly and says, "That's not a TV -- it's a microwave!"
A man had 50 yard line tickets for the Super Bowl.
As he sits down, a man comes down and asked the man if anyone is sitting in the seat next to him.
"No", he said, "the seat is empty".
"This is incredible", said the man.
"Who in their right mind would have a seat like this for the Super Bowl, the biggest sport event in the world, and not use it?"
Somberly, the man says, "Well... the seat actually belongs to me.
I was supposed to come here with my wife, but she passed away.
This is the first Super Bowl we have not been together since we got married in 1967."
"Oh I'm sorry to hear that.
That's terrible.
But couldn't you find someone else - a friend or relative or even a neighbor to take the seat?"
The man shakes his head, "No.
They're all at the funeral."
A guy goes to the doctor for a checkup and the doctor says,"Well sir,I have bad news and I have worse news".
The guy says, "well gimme the worst news first".
The doc says, "well sir you have Cancer."
The guy says "that's terrible news, but whats the bad news?"
The doc says "well sir, you also have Alzheimers disease".
"Well", answers the guy, "at least I don't have Cancer".
A father picks up his son after school and asks him how his day has been."Great dad, today they give me my part at the school play", says the boy."Really? and what do you play?" asks the father."I play a man who has been married for twenty years"."That's nice son", says the father, "you do a good work and one day the'll give you a speaking role".
An elderly man in Phoenix calls his son Bob in New York and says, "I hate to ruin your day, but your mother and I are divorcing.
Forty-five years of misery is enough!
I'm sick of her, and I'm sick of talking about this, so call your sister in Boston and tell her," and then hangs up.The son frantically calls his sister, who goes nuts upon hearing the news.She calls her father and yells, "You are not getting a divorce!
Bob and I will be there tomorrow.
Until then, don't do a single thing, do you hear me?"The father hangs up the phone, turns to his wife, and says, "It worked!
The kids are coming for a visit, and they're paying their own way!"
A Polish Paratrooper makes his first jump.He was given the following instructions: "once you jumped you need to open your parachute.
If it doesn't open, you have a reserve one.
The Jeep will wait for you on the ground".So, he gets on the plane, jumps outside but can't open his parachute.
He then tries to open the reserve one, but it doesn't open as well."Great", he says to himself, "Now all I need is that the Jeep won't wait for me to make it a real unlucky day".
Little Johnny was sitting on a park bench munching on one candy bar after another.After the sixth one a man on the bench across from him said, "Son, you know eating all that candy isn't good for you.
It will give you acne, rot your teeth, make you fat."Little Johnny replied, "My grandfather lived to be 107 years old."The man asked, "Did your grandfather eat 6 candy bars at a time?"Little Johnny answered, "No, he minded his own business!"
At a local coffee bar, a young woman was expounding on her idea of the perfect mate to some of her friends."The man I marry must be a shining light amongst company.
He must be musical.
Tell jokes.
Sing.
And stay home at night!"An old granny overheard and spoke up, "Honey, if that's all you want, get a TV!"
Two kids are talking."My dad works twelve hours a day, so that I can have a comfortable home and decent clothes.
My mom spends the whole day cleaning and cooking for me.
However, I can not relax from all the worry."
" But you are living a fairytale life!
What are you so worry about?""Well, what if they try to escape?"
Russian tourists.
The couple arrived at the resort.
They move into the room.
Wife sees the mouse and starts yelling, "Ah-ah-ah-ah!
Mouse!
Contact reception, you better know English, and I - full zero."
Husband calls (in English):"Hello."
- "Hello."
" Do you know "Tom and Jerry"?"
"Yes, I do."
"So...
Jerry is here."
One day our physics professor was discussing a particularly complicated concept.
A pre-med student rudely interrupted to ask, "Why do we have to learn this stuff?""To save lives." the professor responded quickly and continued the lecture.
A few minutes later, the same student spoke up again."So, how does physics save lives?" he persisted."It keeps the ignoramuses out of medical school," replied the professor.
The phone rings at FBI headquarters."Hello?""Hello."
"Is this FBI?""Yes.
What do you want?"
"I'm calling to report my neighbor Tom.
He is hiding marijuana in his firewood.""This will be noted."
Next day, the FBI comes over to Tom's house.
They search the shed where the firewood is kept, break every piece of wood, find no marijuana, swear at Tom and leave.The phone rings at Tom's house."Hey, Tom!
Did the FBI come?""Yeah!""Did they chop your firewood?""Yeah they did.""Okay, now it's your turn to call.
I need my garden plowed."
I went out to this restaurant not long ago and met the waitress of my dreams.
About halfway through dinner I called the waitress over and said, "Ma'am, this potato is bad."She nodded, picked up the potato, and smacked it.
Then she put it back on my plate and said, "Sir, if that potato causes any more trouble, you just let me know."
What occupies the last 6 pages of the Lada User's Manual?
The bus and train timetables.
Only Russian comes back to work from sick leave with strong tan.
Why Russians take Americans to space flights?
It is necessary that at the time of landing at least someone would be sober.
Germans go to supermarket by BMW and go abroad by Mercedes; French go to supermarket by Renault and go abroad by Peugeot; Russians go to supermarket by trolleybus and go abroad by tanks.
In Soviet times, Santa Claus fetched the bad behaved children list to Stalin.
Scientists have discovered Soviet Lunokhod-2 on the moon.
In the moon-buggy the wheels were twisted off and the cassette rack was pulled out.
At the initiative of Russian parents in children's economic game "Monopoly" added bribe.
An English teacher wrote these words on the whiteboard: "woman without her man is nothing".
The teacher then asked the students to punctuate the words correctly.
The men wrote: "Woman, without her man, is nothing."
The women wrote: "Woman!
Without her, man is nothing."
What's the definition of a pessimist?
A pessimist is a well-informed optimist.
Charles shouted upstairs to his wife," Hurry up.
Or we'll be late!"
"Oh, be quiet," replied his wife.
"Haven't I been telling you for the last hour that I'll be ready in a minute?"
There was an Scotsman, an Englishman and Claudia Schiffer sitting together in a carriage in a train going through Wales.
Suddenly the train went through a tunnel.
And as it was an old style train,there were no lights in the carriages and it went completely dark.
Then there was this kissing noise and the sound of a really loud slap.
When the train came out of the tunnel, Claudia Schiffer and the Scotsman were sitting as if nothing had happened.
And the Englishman had his hand against his face as he had been slapped.
The Englishman was thinking: `The Scottish fella must have kissed Claudia Schiffer and she missed him and slapped me instead.'
Claudia Schiffer was thinking: `The English fella must have tried to kiss me and actually kissed the Scotsman and got slapped for it.'
And the Scotsman was thinking: `This is great.
The next time the train goes through a tunnel I'll make that kissing noise and slap that English bastard again.
A man asked for a meal in a restaurant.
The waiter brought the food and put it on the table.
After a moment, the man called the waiter and said:"Waiter!
There's a fly in my soup!"
"Please don't speak so loudly, sir." said the waiter.
"Or everyone will want one."
"George, darling.
What is it about me you find so attractive?
Is it my personality?"
"No."
"Is it my figure?"
"No."
"Is it my charisma?"
"No."
"I give in."
"That's it!"
"I have good news and bad news", the defense lawyer says to his client. -- "What's the bad news?" - Your blood matches the DNA found at the murder scene. -- Dammit!"
What's the good news? -- Well," the lawyer says, "Your cholesterol is down to 140.
An admiral is standing at the Naval Academy in Annapolis when he stops a plebe walking by.
"Sailor, do you have change for a dollar?"
"Sure, buddy," says the plebe, rooting around his pocket.
"That's no way to address an officer!
Now let's try it again.
Do you have change for a dollar?"
"No, sir!"
Temple Station is closed, because of unprecedented behavior of the passengers.
They refused to leave the station, because of the rain.
There was a man, who invented handle for teapot, it had been so inconvenient to take hot teapot without handle, and by the way he was famous composer.
An American walking through the streets of London, passed under Canary Wharf (London's biggest building).
As he stood there looking up, a lad joined him.
After a while the American turned to the kid and said, "Do you realize, son, that we have buildings like that in the States, only they're three times the size? "
"I'm not surprised," - said the kid.
"That's a Lunatic Asylum!
"Sir, did you have a good holiday?" - "Yes!
I went to France, to Paris." - "Did you have much trouble with your French when you were there?" - "No, I didn't but the Parisians did."
Suitor: I am seeking your daughter's hand.
Do you have any objections?
Father: None at all.
Take the one that's always in my pocket.
"Why do people wear shamrocks on St. Patrick's Day?" -"Regular rocks are too heavy."
An Irishman with a crocodile on a leash walks into a London pub and loudly asks the bartender: "Hey, fella, you serve Englishmen here, right?".
Bartender, annoyed: " Yes, you Irish bastard, we serve Englishmen here!"
"Great!
A pint of beer for me and two Englishmen for the croc."
"Whats the difference between an Irish wedding, and an Irish funeral?"
There's one less drunk.
Whats the difference between a smart Irish man and a unicorn?
Nothing, they're both fictional characters.
An Irish priest is driving down to New York and gets stopped for speeding in Connecticut.
The state trooper smells alcohol on the priest's breath and then sees an empty wine bottle on the floor of the car.
He says: "Sir, have you been drinking?"
"Just water," - says the priest.
The trooper says: "Then why do I smell wine?"
The priest looks at the bottle and says: "Good Lord!
He's done it again!"
"Why wasn't Jesus born in Ireland?" - "He couldn't find 3 wise men or a virgin."
You're hiking around on Hampsted Heath (a park near London) at the end of a long sunny day.
You run across (separately) the ghosts of Sir Winston Churchill, Sir Baden Powell, and Sir Edmund Hillary, who all give you directions to the nearest tube stop.
Whom don't you believe?
Your story teller, for there is no such thing as a completely sunny day in England.
"What does daylight-saving time mean in Seattle?" - "An extra hour of rain."
In the rain Chuck Norris does not need an umbrella.
The raindrops avoid him.
American, down with the plane at Heathrow, at the sight of fog: - "Fie, what a wretched weather!
How long is it still continues, you know?"
Londoner: -"Oh, sir, I can say nothing definite.
I live here only thirty-five years."
"Here, hold my horse a minute, will you?"
"Sir, I am a member of the Congress."
"Never mind!
You look honest.
I'll take a chance."
John Himbledon had just got a set of new teeth and went away for a holiday.
His wife knowing how easily a set of teeth can be lost if you are bathing in a rough sea, wrote to him saying: "Take care not to wear your new teeth when you are bathing in the sea".
He wrote back: "Why didn't you telegraph?"
"Is it really true that everything between Rosalie and you, Michael, is over?
A whole year you were keeping company."
"Just imagine!"
"And did you tell her about your rich uncle whose only heir you are."
"It was just because I told her about it.
She left me to become my auntie."
One day an unknown youth asked Mozart to explain to him how to start to compose a symphony.
"You are young," - answered Mozart."In the beginning write a ballade, and if you like it, come to me." - "But you!
At the age of ten you have composed a lot of music."
"But I did not ask anybody how to do it."
Mother (in a low tone): Tommy, your grandfather is very sick.
Can't you say something nice to him to cheer him a bit?
Tommy: Grandfather, wouldn't you like to have soldiers at you funeral?
Joe: "I love you.
Won't you be my wife?"
Jess: "You must see mama first."
Joe: "I have seen her several times, but I love you just the same."
A kind old gentlemen seeing a small boy who was carrying a lot of newspapers under his arm said: "Don't 	all 	the 	newspapers 	make 	you 	tired, 	my 	boy?"
"No, I don't read them," - replied the boy.
"When I use a hammer I always hit my thumb with it.
What should I do to prevent it?"
"The only thing that I can think of, madam, is that you should hold the hammer with both hands."
"Is that Nora? - asked Willy.
- Yes, Nora is speaking, - answered the girl.
- Marry me, Nora, and marry quick."
- "Yes, I will, - was the reply, - but who is speaking?"
"What's the matter with you, darling? - Lily asked her husband.Monday you liked beans, Tuesday you liked beans, Wednesday you liked beans, Thursday all of a sudden you don't like beans".
A blushing young man is choosing an engagement ring.
He decides on one and says to the jeweler: "I want you to engrave inside this one "From George to Dora".
The jeweler said: "If you take my advice, sir, you will just have "From George".
My doctor told me to drink a glass of wine after a hot bath, but I couldn't even finish drinking the hot bath!
My wife caught me in bed with an optical illusion.I told her it's not what it looks like.
My wife just served me dinner, she made a terrible mess.
I told her she'd be better off using a tennis ball.
I just drove my car to a 4x4 specialist.It turns out the answer is 16.
What do you get if you cross a motorway with a wheelbarrow?
Run over.
I waited for my wife to leave then went upstairs and slipped on a pair of her knickers.
I wish she wouldn't leave them lying around like that.
In the wealthy suburbs of Palm Springs, a strange malady was striking the gardeners on the large estates.
They were becoming very morose and depressed, and had to be hospitalized.
The first signs of the disease were when they started complaining that the lawns were in a terrible shape.
A psychiatrist brought in to find out what was happening noticed that there were some gardeners who still remained cheerful and never developed the lawnhating symptoms.
The psychiatrist went over and over this group, trying to find out why they were immune and what they were doing differently.
Finally, he noticed that the healthy gardeners always had garden twine in the wheelbarrow, whereas the sick gardeners carried the roll in their pockets.
So then the cure was obvious: "Walk on, walk on, with rope in your cart, and you’ll never knock a lawn".
How can you tell that the elephant is in the bathtub with you? – By the smell of peanuts on its breath.
How can you tell there are two elephants in your refrigerator? – You can hear giggling when the light goes out.
I had a dream where an evil queen forced me to eat a gigantic marshmallow.
When I woke up, my pillow was gone.
Dentist: "You need a crown."
Patient: "Finally someone who understands me."
"Waiter, the steak smells very strongly of liquor!"
The waiter backs up 3 steps and asks, "How’s that now?"
Yesterday I learnt that 20 piranhas can strip all flesh off a man within 15 minutes.
Unfortunately, I also lost my job at the local swimming pool.
When I see lovers' names carved in a tree, I don't think it's sweet.
I just think it's surprising how many people bring a knife on a date.
What makes fat male penguins such a hit with penguin females?
They sure know how to break the ice.
Recently I introduced two of my lisping friends to each other.
After a short but rough fist fight they realized that neither was mocking the other one.
My old aunts would come and tease me at weddings, "Well Sarah?
Do you think you’ll be next?"
We settled this quickly once I started doing the same to them at funerals.
"Siri, why am I still single?!" - Siri activates front camera.
Funny question: Can a kangaroo jump higher than a house? - Of course, a house doesn’t jump at all.
A Japanese man in a monastery atop a sacred mountain asks the wise man: - "Master Ayumu, why do all Westerners think that Japanese people look alike?"
"I am not Master Ayumu."
Dentist warns his patient, "This might be a bit painful."
Patient: "That’s OK, I’ll handle it."
The dentist sighs, "For a while now, I’ve been having an affair with your wife."
Patient: Oh Doctor, I’m starting to forget things.
Doctor: Since when have you had this condition?
Patient: What condition?
Wait for me honey, I’m just finishing my make-up.
You don’t need make-up, Jane.
Oh, Richard, really?
That is so sweet of you!
You need plastic surgery.
How can you tell your acne is really starting to get out of hand?
The blind start reading your face.
I just watched my colleague throw away a whole batch of unprocessed CVs.
I thought to myself, "Oh my gosh, all those unlucky people!"
But then it dawned on me – hey, we don't need people with bad luck in our company!
Years ago, I threw away a boomerang really hard.
I’ve lived in constant fear since.
I lent my girlfriend a lot of money for cosmetic surgery a while ago.
I’ve been trying to get it back now for weeks.
Problem is, I’ve no idea what she looks like now.
On a mountain trip a man falls down into a crack.
His wife calls after him, "Are you OK?" - "Yeah!" - "Are you hurt?" - "No!" - "Not a scratch?
How come?!" - "I’m not done falling yet-et-et-et-et!"
Policeman: I'm very sorry, sir, but it looks like your wife got hit by a bus.
Man: I’m aware of that, but Karen has a wonderful personality.
I managed to lose my rifle when I was in the army.
I had to pay $855 to cover the loss.
I’m starting to understand why a Navy captain always goes down with his ship.
Coco Chanel once said that you should put perfume on places where you want to be kissed by a man.
But hell does that burn!
99,8% people have problems with math.
I’m glad I’m in the remaining 1%.
A wife goes to consult a psychiatrist about her husband: "My husband is acting so weird.
He drinks his morning coffee and then he goes and eats the mug!
He only leaves the handle!"
Psychiatrist: "Yes, that is weird.
The handle is the best part."
Little Red Riding Hood walks all alone through the deep dark wood.
Suddenly she hears rustling in a thick bush.
Cautiously she moves the branches aside and finds herself facing the big bad wolf.
"Oh, Big Bad Wolf, why do you have such huge red eyes?"
"Go away!
I'm crapping!"
Wow, honey, I never thought our son would go that far!
Yeah, the catapult is really amazing.
Go get our daughter!
A husband and a wife are having dinner at a nice restaurant.
The woman drops some tomato sauce on her white top.
"Oh no, I look like a pig!"
The man nods, "Also, you dropped some tomato sauce on your shirt!"
My girlfriend asked me to tell her all my previous girlfriends, chronologically.
From beginning to end.
OK.
I probably should have finished when I got to her name.
A boy and his father go together for a boys’ day out at the zoo.
"Daddy, I don't like how that gorilla's looking at me from behind that glass, she's quite scary!" says the boy.
"Shush, Jason!
This is still only the ticket office!"
Mr. Smith: "Doctor, do you remember this strengthening solution you prescribed me yesterday?"
Doctor: "Yes, what’s the matter?"
Mr. Smith: "I would like to use it but I can’t open the bottle!"
Broccoli: Hey, I look like a tree.
Mushroom: Wow, I look just like an umbrella.
Walnut: I look exactly like a brain.
Banana: Man, can we change the topic please?
Girls mostly treat me like a God.
They totally forget that I exist and only approach me when they need something.
Two police officers crash their car into a tree.
After a moment of silence, one of them says, "Wow, that’s got to be the fastest we ever got to the accident site."
In a boomerang shop: "I'd like to buy a new boomerang please.
Also, can you tell me how to throw the old one away?"
Some Things You Just Can't Explain.
A farmer was sitting in the neighborhood bar getting drunk.
A man came in and asked the farmer, "Hey, why are you sitting here on this beautiful day, getting drunk?"
The farmer shook his head and replied, "Some things you just can't explain."
"So what happened that's so horrible?" the man asked as he sat down next to the farmer.
"Well," the farmer said, "today I was sitting by my cow, milking her.
Just as I got the bucket full, she lifted her left leg and kicked over the bucket."
"Okay," said the man, "but that's not so bad."
"Some things you just can't explain," the farmer replied.
"So what happened then?" the man asked.
The farmer said, "I took her left leg and tied it to the post on the left."
"And then?"
"Well, I sat back down and continued to milk her.
Just as I got the bucket full, she took her right leg and kicked over the bucket."
The man laughed and said, "Again?"
The farmer replied, "Some things you just can't explain."
"So, what did you do then?" the man asked.
"I took her right leg this time and tied it to the post on the right."
"And then?"
"Well, I sat back down and began milking her again.
Just as I got the bucket full, the stupid cow knocked over the bucket with her tail."
"Hmmm," the man said and nodded his head.
"Some things you just can't explain," the farmer said.
"So, what did you do?" the man asked.
"Well," the farmer said, "I didn't have anymore rope, so I took off my belt and tied her tail to the rafter.
In that moment, my pants fell down and my wife walked in.
Some things you just can't explain."
To Absent Brothers.
An Irishman walks into a bar in Dublin, orders three pints of "Guinness" and sits in the back of the room, drinking a sip out of each one in turn.
When he finished all three, he comes back to the bar and orders three more.
The bartender says to him, 'You know, a pint goes flat after I draw it; it would taste better if you bought one at a time.'
The Irishman replies, 'Well, you see, I have two brothers.
One is in America, the other in Australia, and I'm here in Dublin.
When we all left home, we promised that we'd drink this way to remember the days we all drank together. '
The bartender admits that this is a nice custom, and leaves it there.
The Irishman becomes a regular in the bar and always drinks the same way: he orders three pints and drinks the three pints by taking drinks from each of them in turn.
One day, he comes in and orders two pints.
All the other regulars in the bar notice and fall silent.
When he comes back to the bar for the second round, the bartender says, 'I don't want to intrude on your grief, but I wanted to offer my condolences on your great loss.'
The Irishman looks confused for a moment, then a lights dawns in his eye and he laughs.
"Oh, no," he says, - "Everyone is fine.
I've just quit drinking!"
Drink 'Till She's Cute.
A man stopped at his favorite watering hole after a hard days work to relax.
He noticed a man next to him ordered a shot and a beer.
The man drank the shot, chased it with the beer and then looked into his shirt pocket.
This continued several times before the man's curiosity got the best of him.
He leaned over to the guy and said, "Excuse me, I couldn't help but notice your little ritual, why in the world do you look into your shirt pocket every time you drink your shot & beer?"
The man replied, "There's a picture of my wife in there, and when she starts lookin' good, I'm headin' home!"
A man, an ostrich, and a cat.
A man walks into a bar with an ostrich and a cat and sits at the bar.
The bartender walks over to them and says, "What can I get for you?"
The man says "I'll have a beer", the ostrich says, "I'll have a beer", and the cat says, "I'll have half a beer and I'm not buying."
So the bartender says, "OK, that will be $3.87."
The man reaches into his pocket and brings out the exact change and pays him.
About an hour later the bartender goes back over to them and says, "What'll you guys have?"
The man says, "I'll have a beer", the ostrich says, "I'll have a beer", and the cat says "I'll have half a beer and I'm not buying."
The bartender gets them their beer and says "That'll be $3.87."
The man reaches into his pocket and brings out the exact change and pays him.
A couple of days later they come back into the bar and the bartender walks over and asks "What do you guys want today?"
The man says, "I'll have a scotch", the ostrich says, "I'll have a bourbon", and the cat says, "I'll have half a beer and I'm not buying."
So the bartender says "OK, that will be $7.53."
The man reaches into his pocket and brings out the exact change and pays him.
The bartender's curiosity got the best of him and he asks, "Why is it that every time I tell you the amount you owe you always have the exact change in you pocket?"
The man said, "I found a bottle with a genie in it and she granted me 3 wishes.
My first wish was that I always have the exact change in my pocket for anything I buy."
The bartender says, "That's a great wish.
Better than asking for a million dollars.
A million dollars will run out but that never will.
What were your other 2 wishes?"
The man says, "That's where I screwed up.
I asked for a chick with long legs and a tight pussy."
He gives her a triple Jack Daniel's, and she belts it down.
She has five more in a row, belts them all down, passes out dead drunk, and everybody in the bar fucks her.
The next night, she walks into the bar, and says, "Bartender, give me a triple Jack Daniel's."
He gives her a triple Jack Daniel's, and she belts it down.
She has five more in a row, belts them all down, passes out dead drunk, and everybody in the bar fucks her again.
The next night, she walks into the bar and says, "Bartender, give me a triple Tequila."
He says, "I thought you drank Jack Daniel's."
She says, "Not any more.
Jack Daniel's makes my pussy sore."
Monkey.
A guy walks into a bar with his pet monkey.
He orders a drink and while he's drinking, the monkey jumps all around the place.
The monkey grabs some olives off the bar and eats them.
Then grabs some sliced limes and eats them.
Then jumps onto the pool table, grabs one of the billiard balls, sticks it in his mouth, and to everyone's amazement, somehow swallows it whole.
The bartender screams at the guy "Did you see what your monkey just did?"
The guy says "No, what?"
"He just ate the cue ball off my pool table-whole!"
"Yeah, that doesn't surprise me," replied the guy.
"He eats everything in sight, the little bastard.
Sorry.
I'll pay for the cue ball and stuff."
He finishes his drink, pays his bill, pays for the stuff the monkey ate, then leaves.
Two weeks later he's in the bar again, and has his monkey with him.
He orders a drink and the monkey starts running around the bar again.
While the man is finishing his drink, the monkey finds a maraschino cherry on the bar.
He grabs it, sticks it up his butt, pulls it out, and eats it.
The bartender is disgusted.
"Did you see what your monkey did now?" he asks.
"No, what?" replies the guy.
"Well, he stuck a maraschino cherry up his butt, pulled it out, and ate it!" said the bartender.
"Yeah, that doesn't surprise me," replied the guy.
" He still eats everything in sight, but ever since he swallowed that cue ball, he measures everything first."
Getting Out of A Ticket.
A man in his 40's bought a new BMW and was out on the interstate for a nice evening drive.
The top was down, the breeze was blowing through what was left of his hair and he decided to open her up.
As the needle jumped up to 80 mph, he suddenly saw flashing red and blue lights behind him.
"There's no way they can catch a BMW," he thought to himself and opened her up further.
The needle hit 90, 100.
Then the reality of the situation hit him.
"What the hell am I doing?" he thought and pulled over.
The cop came up to him, took his license without a word and examined it and the car.
"It's been a long day, this is the end of my shift and it's Friday the 13th.
I don't feel like more paperwork, so if you can give me an excuse for your driving that I haven't heard before, you can go."
The guy thinks for a second and says, "Last week my wife ran off with a cop.
I was afraid you were trying to give her back."
"Have a nice weekend," said the officer.
Smart-Ass Cop.
Two guys are driving through Alabama when they get pulled over by a state trooper.
The trooper walks up, taps on the window with his nightstick, the driver rolls down the window, and the trooper smacks him in the head with the stick.
The driver says, "Why'd you do that?"
The trooper says, "You're in Alabama, son.
When I pull you over you'll have your license ready."
Driver says, "I'm sorry, officer, I'm not from around here."
The trooper runs a check on the guy's license, and he's clean.
He gives the guy his license back and walks around to the passenger side and taps on the window.
The passenger rolls his window down, and the trooper smacks him with the nightstick.
The passenger says, "What'd you do that for?"
The cop says, "Just making your wishes come true."
The passenger says, "Huh?"
It was an obsession.
One Sunday was a picture-perfect day for golfing.
The sun was out, no clouds were in the sky, and the temperature was just right.
The preacher was in a quandary as to what to do, and shortly, the urge to play golf overcame him.
He called an assistant to tell him that he was sick and could not do church, packed the car up, and drove three hours to a golf course where no one would recognize him.
Happily, he began to play the course.
An angel up above was watching the preacher and was quite perturbed.
He went to God and said, "Look at the preacher.
He should be punished for what he is doing."
God nodded in agreement.
The preacher teed up on the first hole.
He swung at the ball, and it sailed effortlessly through the air and landed right in the cup 250 yards away.
A picture-perfect hole-in-one.
He was amazed and excited.
The angel was a little shocked.
He turned to God andsaid, "I beg your pardon, but I thought you were going to punish him."
God smiled.
"Think about it-who can he tell?"
College Letters.
A girl goes into the doctor's office for a checkup.
As she takes off her blouse, he notices a red "H" on her chest.
"How did you get that mark on your chest?" asks the doctor.
"Oh, my boyfriend went to Harvard and he's so proud of it that he never takes off his Harvard sweatshirt, even when we make love," she replies.
A couple of days later, another girl comes in for a checkup.
As she takes off her blouse, he notices a blue "Y" on her chest.
"How did you get that mark on your chest?" asks the doctor.
"Oh, my boyfriend went to Yale and he's so proud of it that he never takes off his Yale sweatshirt, even when we make love," she replies.
A couple of days later, another girl comes in for a checkup.
As she takes off her blouse, he notices a red "M" on her chest.
"Do you have a boyfriend at Michigan?" asks the doctor.
"No, but I have a girlfriend at Wisconsin.
Why do you ask?"
Autopsy.
An autopsy professor was giving an introductory lecture to a class of students.
Standing over a corpse, he addressed the class.
"There are two things you need to make a career in medical forensics.
First, you must have no fear."
Having said that, he shoved his finger up the corpse's anus and licked it.
"Now you must do the same," he told the class.
After a couple of minutes of uneasy silence, the class did as instructed.
"Second," the professor continued, "you must have an acute sense of observation."
"For instance, how many of you noticed that I put my middle finger up this man's anus, but licked my index finger?"
Skin Graft.
A married couple were in a terrible accident in which the woman's face was severely burned.
The doctor told the husband that they couldn't graft any skin from her body because she was too thin.
So the husband offered to donate some of his own skin.
However, the only skin on his body that the doctor felt was suitable would have to come from his buttocks.
The husband and wife agreed that they would tell no one about where the skin came from, and requested that the doctor also honour their secret.
After the surgery was completed, everyone was astounded at the woman's new beauty.
She looked more beautiful than she ever had before!
All her friends and relatives just went on and on about her youthful beauty!
One day, she was alone with her husband, and she was overcome with emotion at his sacrifice.
She said, "Dear, I just want to thank you for everything you did for me. "
"There is no way I could ever repay you."
"My darling," he replied, "Think nothing of it.
I get all the thanks I need every time I see your mother kiss you on the cheek."
Mental Patient.
John and David were both patients in a Mental Hospital.
One day, while they were walking, they passed the hospital swimming pool and John suddenly dove into the deep end.
He sank to the bottom and stayed there.
David promptly jumped in and saved him, swimming to the bottom of the pool and pulling John out.
The medical director came to know of David's heroic act.
He immediately ordered that David be discharged from the hospital as he now considered him to be OK.
The doctor said, "David, we have good news and bad news for you!
The good news is that we are going to discharge you because you have regained your sanity.
Since you were able to jump in and save another patient, you must be mentally stable.
The bad news is that the patient that you saved hung himself in the bathroom and died after all."
David replied, "Doctor, John didn't hang himself.
I hung him there to dry."
New Career.
A gynecologist had a burning desire to change careers and become a mechanic.
So she found out from her local tech college what was involved, signed up for evening classes and attended diligently, learning all she could.
When time for the practical exam approached, she prepared carefully for weeks, and completed the exam with tremendous skill.
When the results came back, she was surprised to find that she had obtained a mark of 150%.
Fearing an error, she called the instructor, saying "I don't want to appear ungrateful for such an outstanding result, but I wondered if there had been an error which needed adjusting."
The instructor said, "During the exam, you took the engine apart perfectly, which was worth 50% of the total mark.
You put the engine back together again perfectly, which is also worth 50% of the mark.
I gave you an extra 50% because you did all of it THROUGH the exhaust."
Smart Irishman.
An Irishman named Murphy went to his doctor after a long illness.
The doctor, after a lengthy examination, sighed and looked Murphy in the eye and said, "I've some bad news for you.
You have cancer and it can't be cured.
I'd give you two weeks to a month."
Murphy, shocked and saddened by the news, but of solid character, managed to compose himself and walk from the doctor's office into the waiting room.
There he saw his son who had been waiting.
Murphy said, "Son, we Irish celebrate when things are good and celebrate when things don't go so well.
In this case, things aren't so well.
I have cancer and I've been given a short time to live.
Let's head for the pub and have a few pints."
After three or four pints the two were feeling a little less somber.
There were some laughs and more beers.
They were eventually approached by some of Murphy's old friends who asked what the two were celebrating.
Murphy told them that the Irish celebrate the good and the bad.
He went on to tell them that they were drinking to his impending end.
He told his friends, "I've only got a few weeks to live as I have been diagnosed with AIDS."
The friends gave Murphy their condolences and they had a couple more beers.
After his friends left, Murphy's son leaned over and whispered, "Dad, I thought you said that you were dying from cancer.
You just told your friends that you were dying from AIDS!"
Murphy said,"I am dying from cancer, son, I just don't want any of them sleeping with your mother after I'm gone."
The Fast Surgeon.
Sam and John were out cutting wood when John cut his arm off.
Sam remained calm, wrapped the arm in a plastic bag, and took the arm and John to a surgeon.
"You are in luck," said the surgeon.
"I am an expert in re-attaching limbs.
Come back in four hours when I have completed the operation."
So Sam returned in four hours and the surgeon said, "I did it faster than I expected.
Jon is down at the pub."
Sam rushed down to the pub and was amazed to see John playing darts.
A few weeks later, Sam and John were cutting wood again when John accidentally cut off his leg.
Sam put the leg in a plastic bag and took it and John back to the same surgeon.
"Legs are harder," said the surgeon, "but I'll see what I can do - come back in six hours."
Sam returned in six hours and the surgeon said, "I finished early - John's playing football."
Sam went to the field and to his surprise found John kicking 50 meter torpedoes.
A few weeks later, Sam and John were cutting wood again, when John accidentally cut off his own head.
Sam put the head in a plastic bag and took it and the rest of John to the surgeon, confident that the skilful surgeon would do the job.
"Gee, heads are really difficult to re-attach," the surgeon muttered, "but I'll see what I can do - come back in 12 hours."
Sam returned in 12 hours.
"He suffocated in the plastic bag, you idiot!!"
Charlies Wife.
In a mental institution a nurse walks into a room and sees a patient acting like he's driving a car.
The nurse asks him, "Charlie, what are you doing?"
Charlie replied, "Driving to Chicago!"
The nurse wishes him a good trip and leaves the room.
The next day the nurse enters Charlies room just as he stops driving his imaginary car and asks, "Well Charlie, how are you doing?"
Charlies says, "I just got into Chicago."
"Great," replied the nurse.
The nurse leaves Charlie's room and goes across the hall into Bob's room, and finds Bob sitting on his bed furiously masturbating.
Shocked, she asks, "Bob, what are you doing?"
Bob says, "I'm screwing Charlie's wife while he's in Chicago!"
Shredder.
The new employee stood before the paper shredder looking confused.
"Need some help?" a secretary asked.
"Yes," he replied.
"How does this thing work?"
"Simple," she said, taking the fat report from his hand and feeding it into the shredder.
"Thanks, but where do the copies come out?"
The Sack.
An office manager had money problems and had to fire an employee, either Jack or Jill.
He thought he'd fire the employee who came late to work.
The next morning, both employees came to work very early.
So the manager thought he would fire the first one who took a coffee break.
Unfortunately, neither employee took a coffee break.
Then the manager decided to see who took the longest lunch break - strangely, neither Jack nor Jill took a lunch break that day, they both ate at their desk.
Then the manager thought he'd wait to see who would leave work the earliest, but both employees stayed after closing.
Jill finally went to the coat rack and the manager went up to her and said, "Jill, I have a terrible problem.
I don't know whether to lay you or Jack off."
Jill said, "Well, you'd better jack off, because I'm late for my bus."
Blond Cops.
A Policeman was drilling 3 blondes, who were training to become detectives.
To test their skills in recognizing a suspect, he shows the 1st blonde a picture for 5 seconds and then hides it.
"This is your suspect, how would you recognize him?"
The first blonde answers " That's easy, we'll catch him fast because he only has one eye"
The policeman says "Well...Uh.. that's because the picture shows his profile"
Slightly flustered by this ridiculous response, he flashes the picture for 5 seconds at the second blonde and asked her "This is your suspect, how would you recognize him?"
The second blonde giggles, flips her hair and says "Ha!
He'd be easy to catch because he only has one ear!"
The policeman angrily responds, "What's the matter with you two?
Of course only one eye and ear are showing because it's a picture of his profile!
Is that the best answer you can come up with?"
Extremely frustrated at this point, he shows the picture to the third blonde and in a very testy voice asks "This is your suspect, how would you recognize him?"
He adds quickly "....think hard before giving a stupid answer"
The Blonde looks at the picture intently for a moment and says "HMMMM... the suspect is wearing contact lenses."
The policeman is surprised and speechless, because he really doesn't know himself if the suspect wears contacts or not.
"Well, that is a good answer.. wait here for a few minutes while I check his file, and I'll get back to you on that"
He leaves the room and goes to his office, checks the suspect's file in his computer and comes back with a beaming smile on his face.
"He can't wear glasses because he only has one eye and one ear!"
Flying First Class.
On a plane bound for New York the flight attendant approached a blonde sitting in the first class section and requested that she move to coach since she did not have a first class ticket.
The blonde replied, "I'm blonde, I'm beautiful, I'm going to New York, and I'm not moving."
Not wanting to argue with a customer the flight attendant asked the co-pilot to speak with her.
He went to talk with the woman asking her to please move out of the first class section.
Again, the blonde replied, "I'm blonde, I'm beautiful, I'm going to New York, and I'm not moving."
The co-pilot returned to the cockpit and asked the captain what he should do.
The captain said, "I'm married to a blonde, and I know how to handle this."
He went to the first class section and whispered in the blonde's ear.
She immediately jumped up and ran to the coach section mumbling to herself, "Why didn't anyone just say so."
Surprised, the flight attendant and the co-pilot asked what he said to her that finally convinced her to move from her seat.
The pilot replied, "I told her the first class section wasn't going to New York."
News Stand.
A newsboy was standing on the corner with a stack of papers, yelling, "Read all about it.
Fifty people swindled!
Fifty people swindled!"
Curious, a man walked over, bought a paper, and checked the front page.
What he saw was yesterday's paper.
The man said, "Hey, this is an old paper, where's the story about the big swindle?"
The newsboy ignored him and went on calling out, "Read all about it.
Fifty-one people swindled!"
Indian Names.
This Indian boy goes to his mother one day with a puzzled look on his face.
"Say, mom, why is my bigger brother named Mighty Storm?"
She told him, "because he was conceived during a mighty storm."
Then he asked, "Why is my sister named Cornflower?"
She replied, "Well, your father and I were in a cornfield when we made her."
"And why is my other sister called Moonchild?"
The mother said, "We were watching the moon landing while she was conceived."
Mother Indian paused and asked her son, "Tell me, Torn Rubber, why are you so curious?"
Walking the Dog.
A little girl asked her mom, "Mom, may I take the dog for a walk around the block?"
Mom says, "No, because the dog is in heat."
"What does that mean?" asked the child.
"Go ask your father.
I think he is in the garage."
The little girl went to the garage and asked, "Dad, may I take Susie for a walk around the block?
I asked Mom, but she said that Susie was in heat, and to come talk to you."
Dad said, "Bring Susie over here."
He took a rag, soaked it with gasoline, and scrubbed the dog's rear-end with it and said, "Okay, you can go now, but keep Susie on the leash and only go one time around the block."
The little girl left and returned a few minutes later with NO DOG on the leash.
Dad asked, "Where is Susie?"
The little girl said, "She will be here in a minute, she ran out of gas about halfway down the block and another dog is pushing her home."
School Question.
Mother: "Why are you home from school so early?"
Son: "I was the only one who could answer a question."
Mother: "Oh, really?
What was the question?"
Son: "Who threw the eraser at the principal?"
Ghost.
A visiting professor at Cardiff University is giving a seminar on the supernatural.
To get a feel for his audience, he asks: "How many people here believe in ghosts?"
About 90 students raise their hands.
"Well that's a good start.
Out of those of you who believe in ghosts, do any of you think you've ever seen a ghost?"
About 40 students raise their hands.
"That's really good.
I'm really glad you take this seriously.
Has anyone here ever talked to a ghost? 15 students raise their hands.
"That's a great response.
Has anyone here ever touched a ghost?"
Three students raise their hands.
One student in the back raises his hand.
The professor is astonished.
He takes off his glasses, takes a step back, and says, "Son, all the years I've been giving this lecture, no one has ever claimed to have slept with a ghost.
You've got to come up here and tell us about your experience."
The redneck student replies with a nod and a grin, and begins to make his way up to the podium.
The professor says, "Well, tell us what it's like to have sex with a ghost."
The student replies, "Ghost?
Damn.....
From back there I thought you said 'goats'!"
Lone Ranger.
A teacher cautiously approaches the subject of sex education with her fourth grade class because she realizes Little Johnny's propensity for sexual innuendo.
But Johnny remains attentive throughout the entire lecture.
Finally, towards the end of the lesson, the teacher asks for examples of sex education from the class.
One little boy raises his hand, "I saw a bird in her nest with some eggs."
"Very good, William," cooed the teacher.
"My mommy had a baby," said little Esther.
"Oh, that's nice," replied the teacher.
Little Johnny raises his hand.
With much fear and trepidation, the teacher calls on him.
"I was watchin' TV yesterday, and I saw the Lone Ranger.
He was surrounded by hundreds and hundreds of Indians.
And they all attacked at one time.
And he killed every one of them with his two guns."
The teacher was relieved but puzzled, "And what does that have to do with sex education, Johnny?"
"It'll teach those Indians not to fuck with the Lone Ranger."
Lunch.
There was an Irishman, a Mexican, and a blond guy, who were construction workers working on top of a building.
It was lunch time and the Irishman opened his lunch pail, finding cabbage and beef.
"If I get one more beef and cabbage for lunch I'm gonna jump off of this building," he says.
Then the Mexican opens his lunch pail and finds a burrito.
"If I get one more burrito for lunch I'm gonna jump off this building," he says.
The blond man opens his lunch pail and finds a bologna sandwich.
"If I get one more bologna sandwich I'm gonna jump off of this building."
The next day the Irishman opened his lunch pail and found cabbage and beef, so he jumped off the building to his death.
Next, the Mexican opened his lunch pail, and upon finding a burrito he jumped off as well.
Finally, the blond guy opened his lunch pail and found a bologna sandwich.
He too jumped off the building.
The next day at their funeral the Irishman's wife said, "If only I knew that he didn't like cabbage and beef, I would surely have packed him something else."
The Mexican's wife said, "If only I knew he didn't like burritos, I would have packed something else."
Finally, the blonde man's wife spoke.
"I don't know what his problem was.
He packed his own lunch."
Jealous Blond.
A blonde suspects that her boyfriend is cheating on her, so she goes out and buys a gun.
She goes to his apartment that same day, with the gun in hand.
Sure enough, when she opens the door, she finds her boyfriend in the arms of a redhead.
She points the gun at her boyfriend at stares him down for a moment.
Then, suddenly, she's overcome with grief, so she puts the gun up to the side her head.
Her boyfriend screams, "Honey, don't do it..."
The blonde yells back, "Shut up!
You're next!"
Mail.
A man was in his yard mowing the grass when his blonde neighbour came out of the house and went straight to the mailbox.
She opened it then slammed it shut stormed back in the house.
A little later she came out of her house again went to the mail box and again opened it, slammed it shut again.
Angrily, back into the house she went.
As the man was getting ready to edge the lawn, she came out again, marched to the mailbox, opened it and then slammed it closed harder than ever.
Puzzled by her actions the man asked her, "Is something wrong?"
To which she replied, "There certainly is!"
My stupid new computer keeps saying, "You've Got Mail."
Teacher.
A teacher asks her class, "If there are 5 birds sitting on a fence and you shoot one of them, how many will be left?"
She calls on little Johnny.
He replies, "None, they all fly away with the first gun shot"
The teacher replies, "The correct answer is 4, but I like your thinking."
Then, Little Johnny says "I have a question for YOU.
There are three women sitting on a bench having ice cream: One is delicately licking the sides of the triple scoop of ice cream.
The second is gobbling down the top and sucking the cone.
The third is biting off the top of the ice cream.
Which one is married?"
The teacher, blushing a great deal, replied "Well I suppose the one that's gobbled down the top and sucked the cone"
To which LittleJohnny replied, "The correct answer is the one with the wedding ring on, but I like your thinking."
Birds & The Bees.
A father asked his 10 year old son if he knew about the birds and the bees.
"I don't want to know!" the child said, bursting into tears.
"Promise me you won't tell me."
Confused, the father asked what was wrong "Oh dad," the boy sobbed, "when I was 6 I got the "there's no Santa" speech.
At 7, I got the "there's no Easter Bunny" speech.
When I was 8, you hit me with the "there's no tooth fairy" speech.
IF you tell me that grown-ups don't really fuck, I'll have nothing left to live for."
A washer man had a donkey and a dog.
Both the donkey and the dog helped his master in many ways.
One night, few thieves broke in the house of that washer man.
The dog heard them and started barking.
The washer man got up and so did the neighbors.
"What is that?"
"A dog."
"Let us run," said the thieves.
They feared some dangerous consequences.
By that time many people gathered in the street.
They tried to run away but they were caught by the people.
The washer man said, "I am glad I had this dog in my house.
I am sure the thieves would have looted me if my dog had not barked."
The washer man was highly proud of the dog.
Every one too praised the dog.
From that day, the donkey started thinking, "The master thinks that the dog is a more useful animal than me."
The donkey decided he will show his master, the washer man, that he too could be useful just like the dog.
Few days passed.
One night, it so happened, two thieves again entered the washer man’s house.
The thieves became aware of the animals, present in that house.
"We should be careful, friend!
I have heard that a dog guards this house," one thief said to the other.
As the thieves peeped in, they saw the dog sitting just outside the main door.
"It seems the dog is quite alert," said one thief.
"It is better to leave this house alone.
We had better go at once," the other thief said and the two thieves fled.
But unknown to the thieves, the donkey was watching all this.
He thought, "It is a good opportunity for me to show my master that I too can be useful to him.
The thieves have run away.
If I start shouting, the master will think that I have driven the thieves away and out of this house."
And the foolish donkey started braying loudly.
When the washer man heard the donkey bray at this odd hour, he got angry.
He came out with a stick and thrashed the donkey.
"This will teach him not to bray at night," he screamed.
The donkey got all the thrashes in silence.
It did not know what was taking place.
Just then the dog came to the donkey and said, "It is better to do your duties than try to be like me."
The donkey knew that the dog was right.
There after both the donkey and the dog remained peaceful.
Once, there lived a washer man named Bheema.
He had a donkey and a horse.
The donkey carried clothes to the pond and back to his house.
The horse carried Bheema to the market and back, occasionally.
The donkey worked much harder than the horse.
On a bright sunny day, Bheema was going to the pond with donkey.
He took the horse along to give it a drink of water.
The donkey was carrying a heavy load of clothes.
The horse was carrying nothing.
The load was unusually heavy and the donkey’s back was hurting.
When the pain became unbearable the donkey said to the horse, "This load is too much for me, brother!
Please take some of this load on your back."
The horse replied some what rudely, "Eh!
Why should I?
I am here only to carry our master to the market."
The proud horse continued on his way.
The day was getting hotter as the day went on.
The donkey felt totally exhausted.
He was almost dragging himself.
"Humph!
Humph!"
The donkey tried to move.
He just could not.
The poor donkey collapsed to the ground.
"Oh!
What has happened to the poor donkey?" thought the washer man.
Immediately he took the load off the donkey.
"Indeed the load is really very heavy.
I should have been little more careful," thought the washer man.
Then he gave some water to the donkey.
The donkey felt better now.
The washer man then picked up the bundle of clothes off the back of the donkey and placed it on the horse’s back.
"Umf!
Umf!"
Came the sound from the horse’s mouth.
"I should have helped the donkey.
I made a mistake.
I should have taken half the load when the donkey requested me.
Now I realize sharing a burden is easier."
The horse carried the heavy load of clothes for the remaining distance.
There after both the donkey and the horse lived together.
Long time ago, there lived a King.
He was lazy and liked all the comforts of life.
He never carried out his duties as a King.
" Our King does not take care of our needs.
He also ignores the affairs of his kingdom."
The people complained.
One day, the King went into the forest to hunt.
After having wandered for quite sometime, he became thirsty.
To his relief, he spotted a lake.
As he was drinking water, he suddenly saw a golden swan come out of the lake and perch on a stone.
" Oh!
A golden swan.
I must capture it," thought the King.
But as soon as he held his bow up, the swan disappeared.
And the King heard a voice, " I am the Golden Swan.
If you want to capture me, you must come to heaven."
Surprised, the King said, " Please show me the way to heaven."
" Do good deeds, serve your people and the messenger from heaven would come to fetch you to heaven," replied the voice.
The selfish King, eager to capture the Swan, tried doing some good deeds in his Kingdom.
" Now, I suppose a messenger will come to take me to heaven," he thought.
But, no messenger came.
The King then disguised himself and went out into the street.
There he tried helping an old man.
But the old man became angry and said, " You need not try to help.
I am in this miserable state because of out selfish King.
He has done nothing for his people."
Suddenly, the King heard the golden swan’s voice, " Do good deeds and you will come to heaven."
It dawned on the King that by doing selfish acts, he will not go to heaven.
He realized that his people needed him and carrying out his duties was the only way to heaven.
After that day he became a responsible King.
Let us enjoy reading this Mulla Nasruddin Hodja's Story of Donkey of Hodja .
Nasruddin Hodja took his donkey to the market place and sold it for 30 dinars.
The man who bought it immediately put it up for auction.
"Look at this fine animal!" he shouted to passersby.
"Have you ever seen a better specimen of a donkey?
See how clean and strong it is!"
And he went on to list the many qualities of the animal.
At the end of his sales talk a man said he would give 40 dinars for it.
Another man offered 50.
A third offered 55.
Hodja who was watching was amazed at the interest everyone was showing in the donkey.
"What a fool I was to think it an ordinary animal," thought Hodja.
"It is an incomparable beast, one in a million."
He suddenly realized that the owner had received a good offer and was about to close the bidding.
"75 dinars once." said the man.
"75 dinars twice."
"80 dinars!" said Hodja.
Now that’s what I call stupid: In my junior year of high school, this guy asked me on a date.
He rented a Redbox movie and made a pizza.
We were watching the movie and the oven beeped so the pizza was done.
He looked me dead in the eye and said, "This is the worst part."
I then watched this boy open the oven and pull the pizza out with his bare hands, rack and all, screaming at the top of his lungs.
We never had a second date.
The fake report card.
I failed the first quarter of a class in middle school, so I made a fake report card.
I did this every quarter that year.
I forgot that they mail home the end-of-year cards, and my mom got it before I could intercept with my fake.
She was PISSED—at the school for their error.
The teacher also retired that year and had already thrown out his records, so they had to take my mother’s "proof" (the fake ones I made throughout the year) and "correct" the "mistake."
I’ve never told her the truth.
All the fish: I went to this girl’s party the week after she beat the shit out of my friend.
While everyone was getting trashed, I went around putting tuna inside all the curtain rods and so like weeks went by and they couldn’t figure out why the house smelled like festering death.
They caught me through this video where these guys at the party were singing Beyoncé while I was in the background with a can of tuna.
How to win at video games: When I was little, I would go on Nickelodeon.com all the time and they had this game similar to Club Penguin, except it was called Nicktropolis.
And if you forgot your password, a security question you could choose was "What is your eye color?" and if you got it right it’d tell you your password.
So I would go to popular locations in Nicktropolis and write down random usernames who were also in those areas, and then I would log out and type in the username as if it were my own and see which of these usernames had a security question set to "What is your eye color?"
(Which was most of them, since it was easy and we were all kids).
I would then try either brown, blue, or green, and always get in, then I would go to their house and send all of their furniture and decorations to my own accounts.
And if I didn’t want it, I could sell it for money.
Drama at my drama class: One time my drama class’s teacher had gone home sick so we were just put in a classroom with a movie to entertain us for the period when an alarm went off.
None of us were sure if it was the fire alarm or the lockdown alarm, so we all head out into the hall to check and no one’s out there, so we head back in and climb under our desks as is lockdown procedure.
Cut to an hour or so later when a teacher bursts in and nearly dies of relief because the school was on fire and we were the only students not accounted for and half the faculty and fire department had been searching for us for ages.
Literally, the whole school had filled with smoke while we’d kept super safe under our wooden desks.
I drew a penis with a glue stick on the whiteboard: My whole class once got detention because I drew a penis with a glue stick on the whiteboard and when the teacher went to wipe off the board all the fluff came off and stuck to the glue.
I never got in trouble for it because my whole class found it too funny to tell the teacher it was me.
The day my teacher stole my headphones: During my sophomore year of high school, we were doing silent work and my history teacher said that we could listen to music but if it was too loud he would "break our headphones."
so I’m doing my work quietly with my music on low, and this obnoxious kid sitting next to me had his music really loud.
I could hear it over my music but ignored it.
My teacher thought it was me.
So he comes up to me & ripped my BRAND NEW Apple headphones, looking ruthless.
He suddenly realized it was the guy next to me and he was completely embarrassed.
He came in the next day with a new pair and an apology note taped to them.
He couldn’t look me in the eye for the rest of the year.
When I was in high school, I was pretty quiet around people who weren’t my friends.
The high school’s wrestling coach also taught geometry, and he was my teacher.
This resulted in a lot of wrestlers skipping class and barging into our classroom to hang out and not get in trouble.
One day, seven wrestlers come in yelling about new wrestling uniforms, and how excited they were.
When they go over and pull out the uniforms, the whole class is kind of side eyeing them.
Even without what I mention next, the suits look funny.
I mean, it’s tight royal blue Spandex with a suspender style top.
Absolutely funny already.
But the wrestlers grab the uniforms and rush out of the room to go change in the bathroom, and come back to show them off.
Which, is also hysterical because Spandex hides NOTHING; you could see all of their junk.
Anyway, we live in a town called Ocean City.
It’s commonly abbreviated as "OC".
On the back of the Spandex uniform, it says Ocean City Men in large letters.
Except… they used the abbreviation.
On the back, it says OC MEN.
Which isn’t awful, but then I sound it out in my head.
OC MEN.
Oh—semen.
I almost spit out the water I was drinking.
I looked around frantically, trying to find out who I can tell, because I didn’t have any friends to tell in this class.
I turn to the girl next to me, and I had no idea who she was and had never talked to her before.
I told her what I found and we both cracked up.
The whole time she saw me as the quiet teacher’s pet who was shy as hell.
The first words out of my mouth were "It says oh semen."
We’ve been best friends for 7 years now.
Ow, my shit!: When I was a kid, I was always excited to learn new vocabulary.
When I was in first grade, my teacher taught me that "shin" was another word for leg.
Later that day, I was walking with my mom, when I tripped and hit my leg on the ground really hard.
I yelled out "OW, MY SHIN" although my mom heard "OW, MY SHIT."
She started yelling about how that was a bad word and we didn’t say that word, and she was going to wash my mouth out with soap.
I was a crying, bawling mess of a child, to the point I was doing that weird cry, stutter, hiccup noise.
She paused in berating me and said "Who taught you that word?!"
Of course, I told the truth and said "M-m-my teacher t-t-t-taught me that word!" and she started ranting about how she was going to call the school and get that teacher yelled at.
I tried to explain, "T-te-teacher said that shin meant leg I’m SO SORRY ILL N-N-NE-ne-never say it again."
My mom got quiet and realized her mistake.
"What did you say?"
Of course I started crying harder and I said "NO it’s just a test you’re going to wash my mouth out with soap again."
When I finally calmed down enough to say it again, my mom apologized and to this day I always say "shin" loudly just to see her face blush.
I swear to God he levitated: I have a friend who I’ve known since I was very little.
One day, when he was six, I was at his house when he got this absolutely god-awful stomach pain.
I mean, he was literally writhing in pain.
So, his mom took him to the doctor’s office, where the doctor took one look and told her to take him to the ER.
She feared something along the lines of an intestinal rupture.
About half way to the hospital, my friend suddenly let rip the loudest, most powerful fart any of us had ever heard.
I swear to God he levitated.
We thought the upholstery in the car seat had ripped.
After a good 30 seconds of intense farting, he looked at his mom and said, "I feel all better now!"
We don’t have a fucking doorbell: So a couple years I moved out of state with a boyfriend.
Was super excited about it but with reason had anxiety about being so far from friends and family.
One of the ways my anxiety was coming out was with nightmares and night terrors.
I’d wake up violently sitting up in a cold sweat, gasping and whatnot.
On one particular night I had woken up the sound of our doorbell ringing.
Which at 4 in the morning is fucking nerve wracking.
So I shook my boyfriend fully awake and told him I heard the doorbell and to go check it because I was scared.
He quickly jumps up.
Puts on clothes and grabs a bat.
Goes all the way to the front door and opens it.
I, scared shitless, am peeking around the corner watching it all go down.
I see him step outside and I nervously await the verdict of the situation when I hear him call out to me.
"Babe?"
And I respond real shaky, "Yes?"
He stands in the doorway with a real frustrated tired look in his eyes and says, "We don’t have a fucking doorbell."
The whole school thought I was going to star on Drake and Josh: In second grade, I told everyone that I was leaving school before next semester to move to Hollywood to play Megan’s cousin from Vermont on Drake and Josh.
At first I just told my best friend, but then the whole school found out.
I had people coming up to me and asking me for my autograph and a teacher even asked for a picture with me.
When I showed up on the first day of school in third grade, I told everyone that the show was going off the air after the season finished (even though I had no knowledge of when it was ending), and so they wouldn’t need me.
AND THE SHOW ENDED AFTER THAT SEASON AND EVERYONE BELIEVED ME UP UNTIL LIKE 6TH GRADE BUT NOW MY BEST FRIEND WILL NEVER LET ME FORGET ABOUT IT AND I’M SO ANGRY.
Classroom Chaos: So in 8th grade I used to read during class a lot.
At the time I was reading an Artemis Fowl book, and for some reason I had two copies of the same book.
So one day in my English class we were reading this other book (which I had already finished reading three days earlier), I was reading my own book and when it was finally my turn to read, I had no idea where we were.
So the teacher took my book away, I found my spot, read the part and passed it to the next person to start reading.
So after I read my part, I took out my second copy of Artemis and picked up right where I left off.
Skip a few minutes ahead, gets back to my turn to read, and again I don’t know where we are.
So teacher takes a look at me, sees the book in my hands, then back to her desk obviously confused for a second.
But shrugs it off knowing it’s me she’s dealing with (I’ve caused similar problems like this before), takes my second book and puts it on her desk, and makes me read my part.
Now my friend that sat two chairs down from me was also reading Artemis at the same time as me and with a quick look to him he knew exactly what I was planning.
He took it out and passed it over without hesitation.
I opened to a random spot and just pretended like I was reading.
(At this point it was just to mess with my teacher.)
So skip forward again and my teacher sees me with the book again and says, "How many of those do you have?"
I gave my smartass remark as "enough."
She took away that book, too.
But now at this point I was out of books, and the rest of my class knew it.
But the teacher didn’t know I was out.
So she continued with her lesson and another friend of mine took two of her books and switched out two of the Artemis books on her desk to make them look like they were still there.
He passed the books slowly around the room, one at a time, until they were back to me.
Then I took one out, opened to a random spot and just kept it open, waiting to get caught.
I silently signaled to a few people in class and they started laughing.
The teacher looked at what they were laughing at and saw me with yet another book.
She looked at her desk where there were seemingly 3 Artemis books and saw me with a 4th.
She took it, walked back to her desk, put it down, turned around, and saw me with the second book that got taken back on my desk!!!
The teacher thought she was going to win this game but underestimated my teamwork with my classmates.
So the second she came over to me to take the seemingly 5th book, another classmate took back the other two books from her desk and split them up—sending one to me one way, and the other another way.
The teacher was very flustered and laughing hysterically at this point and there was no more teaching going on.
The entire class was also going ballistic trying to see who would win.
It was just a game of "How many books does this one 8th grader have?"
So at the end of the class she thought she had taken 11 books from me.
I took pity on her and told her what was really happening.
I told her that I had already read the first book, and all the teamwork that went on.
We were both laughing and making jokes.
In the end she agreed to let me read my own books as long as I kept track of the actual book we were reading.
(Meaning, I ask the person next to me tell me when it’s my turn and they point out my spot to read so I don’t actually have to keep track.)
Victoria’s no longer a secret: So my oldest brother Ethan doesn’t like wearing pants while at home, he wears boxers (because he’s a gentleman) but REFUSES to wear pants.
So one day we’re all just chilling on the couch when Ethan comes in wearing his boxers.
My younger brother Eric asks if he can take off his pants too and Ethan says yeah, just make sure you have clean underwear on.
Eric leaves the room, goes upstairs, comes back 3 or 4 minutes later without pants in my underwear, and not just any underwear; Victoria’s Secret, MY VICTORIA’S SECRET (only girl in the family).
Ethan is laughing his ass off, Nate (next oldest brother) is rolling on the floor, and I’m just sitting there like WTF.
My dad chooses the best time to come in with guests, when one of his 10 year old sons is standing in the living room wearing his only daughters frilly Victoria’s Secrets, his oldest isn’t wearing pants, and the other two sons are on the floor dying.
The neighbors haven’t come over since.
My favorite teacher: One time in 6th grade we were at recess and while I was running to my friends, I just so happened to kick a HUGE rock (keep in mind, I was wearing flip-flops so it hurt like hell) and without thinking, I shouted at the top of my lungs "MOTHERFUCKER!"
And with my god-awful luck, my math teacher was sitting at the bench right BESIDE ME.
He then took me inside to what I thought was yell at me but he just couldn’t stop laughing and sent me back outside with a literal candy bar.
He is still my favorite teacher I’ve ever had.
One time in my chemistry class, while the teacher was talking, this guy asked loudly, "Does anyone have any lotion?"
The teacher stopped talking as some girl gave him some hand lotion.
The guy proceeds to slowly rub the lotion on his face as the whole class watches him in confusion.
The teacher asks him what he’s doing, and he responds with "I forgot to moisturize this morning" and puts even more on his face.
The teacher asks him to go to the hall to finish his moisturizing because he’s being a distraction, and after about 10 minutes he still hasn’t come back in, so someone opens the door to check and he’s still smearing lotion all over his face.
He finally comes back in and hands the girl her lotion, and he’s used up half of it.
Now people call him lotion boy.
I never got to eat my Pringles: Okay, so this was in fourth grade, and I was in this class with all these dumbass kids.
Here’s the back story: My parents usually pack me fruit for a snack, but on this day they packed me like half of the leftover Pringles from the day before, you know, in that cylinder container.
I was really excited since I LOVE PRINGLES.
But when recess came around so I could take MY Pringles and go eat it outside, they weren’t in my bag.
I started scoping the area, trying to find my Pringles.
I call the teacher, she tries to find them but she can’t either.
Than this thought comes to my mind—What if MOIRA STOLE IT?
Moira was this chubby girl in my class that literally ALWAYS wore this purple princess dress that should be classified as a bad Halloween costume (seriously) and was known for being a bitch.
Being the judgmental 9-10 year old I was, I straight out concluded that she must’ve stolen my damn Pringles.
I just tell my teacher, "Well too bad, I’ll just go out for recess now.
It was just PRINGLES."
Being a little angel.
So I stomp out of the class and start searching for Moira.
I’m talking checking areas, finding witnesses, wasting my time.
So after a solid 10 minutes, I find a group of these kids crowded at the side of one of the portable classrooms.
I rush over to see what it is.
The kids were eating Pringles.
MY PRINGLES.
I start raging as I smack the Pringles out of the kids’ hands and start ripping people away from the main source.
And in the middle of all the kids, sat a smug looking MOIRA with my PRINGLES.
I look all mad and rip the BLOODY EMPTY CONTAINER OF PRINGLES OUT OF THE DAMN BITCH’S FILTHY HANDS.
By now even dumbass Moira knows what’s up, she’s a goner.
I would’ve murdered her at the very least, but a supervisor saw us and ran over.
Moira was forced to apologize and I was forced to accept her damn apology.
I never got to eat my Pringles.
To this day I’m sure she fears my cold dead hands, ready to rip her lying face off.
Why my parents can’t take me seriously: So one time I was home alone and it was around dinnertime when I decided to make myself something to eat.
I opened the freezer and dug around until I found what appeared to be chicken nuggets in an unopened plastic bag that for some reason, didn’t have any cooking instructions.
Thinking that my parents must have thrown away the box for box tops, I called my mom to ask how long and at what temperature to cook chicken nuggets.
She told me both of them, I laid out about 20 on a tray and stuck it in the oven, setting the timer before I walked out of the kitchen.
When it was almost time to get my chicken nuggets, I walked into a cinnamon scented kitchen.
I searched all over that kitchen, trying to find the cinnamon scent, leading me to the oven.
I decide to turn on the oven light to see if maybe my mom had stuck some cookies in the oven and forgot to bake them, but instead, I find that the tray my chicken nuggets were on has cookies on it instead!
As I’m trying to process what just happened, I hear the front door open and my mom shout delightedly, "Ooooo what’s that smell?"
She walks into the kitchen and catches my confused expression.
That’s when the spark ignited and she realized exactly what had happened.
Somehow in some form, I had accidentally baked snickerdoodles.
And that is why my parents can never take my cooking seriously.
Painting a roller coaster: So in my junior year of high school I got a project to make a roller coaster for my physics class.
Everything was going fine until the day my partner and I had to paint the thing.
We were in my garage spray painting the tubes and these two guys come marching up to the house across the street and start yelling at the top of their lungs, beating on the door.
Now let me say in my defense the neighborhood I lived in was in south Dallas and it’s still not a safe place.
Well I called the police, closed the garage and parked myself in front of the dining room window.
Long story short the police showed up in full gear broke down the door and brought out the two boys at gunpoint.
And that’s the story of how my entire block found out that the abandoned house had new owners.
Jellyfish fiasco: So when I was like 9 I went to this aquarium thing and it was a pretty amusing trip overall.
But then suddenly I just kind of saw these jellyfish without any tentacles floating around in the water and was like "oh cool."
The next day at school, the teacher asked us what we had done over the weekend.
Now normally I never raise my hand.
But I did this time.
The worst possible time.
So I raised my hand and everyone was obviously shocked to see my hand up in the air so the teacher said "yes?"
"I saw this jelly fish in the aquarium and I thought it was really cool because it didn’t have any -testacles-." and then like the classroom just emerged with so much laughter and I had no clue what was going on so I pleaded my friend to explain what was so funny I mean even THE TEACHER WAS LAUGHING AND I WAS GOING WTF.
So eventually my friend explained to me (it literally took 2 hours of convincing) and then ofc I was pretty embarrassed but the thing is the fucking teacher then asked me if she could tell this to the other teachers and that’s the story of how I switched schools.
Eighth grade games: So when I was in the eighth grade, science class was the most boring hours of my life.
Everyone would play games on their computers (we used computers to take notes) but would play them in a super sneaky manner (volume down, looking at the board so it looks like you’re taking notes, etc.).
I wasn’t one for playing games during class but I was soooo bored.
So I searched up Pac-Man on Google and started playing (I didn’t know what else to play).
So I started playing and just my luck I didn’t check how high my volume was...
IT WAS ALL THE WAY UP.
I started panicking because the game noises were excruciatingly loud.
I kept playing and got eaten by a ghost almost after I pressed the start button (my hands were shaking like crazy).
My strict science teacher looked me straight in the eye.
I literally "fell" for him: Since my crush sits behind me in class, when we stood up to do the pledge I stood up too fast and I stumbled over to him so to not fall on the ground I reached to grab his desk but I accidentally GRABBED HIM and I ended up falling on top of him and we both screamed.
Luckily I didn’t hurt or crush him.
My teacher and everyone else started laughing and I got so red afterwards.
Now when we stand up for the pledge, he moves all the way to the back of the room away from me…
5th grade teacher: In fifth grade, my teacher loathed me.
She would do anything to make me cry and sent me to the principle’s office any chance she got.
Don’t believe me?
I’m left handed.
So still, to this day, I get my hands confused.
On this particular day, we were doing the Pledge of Allegiance and I had put my left hand to my chest (it’s supposed to be your right hand over your heart).
She got mad at me, telling me that I wasn’t being ‘patriotic’ and sent me to the principal’s office.
The principal and I were quite aquatinted at this point and so I told her why I was sent back to her office again, and she laughed.
And laughed.
I didn’t find it funny at all, I mean all the kids in my school thought I was a delinquent so they didn’t want to be my friend.
My principal wrote on the back of my hands, L and R.
What I didn’t realize was that she wrote L on my right hand and R on my left hand.
She did the same to hers.
Then, she walked me back to the classroom, and made our whole class redo the Pledge with our ‘right’ hand, with me leading the class, and it was one of the happiest moments of my elementary experience.
In the closet: OK, so one time when I was really little I had a best friend who was kinda strange but so my mom got a call one day asking if she was over at my house because they couldn’t find her and so they call again about two hours later to ask if we could help look for her and so about three hours of looking we had basically covered the entire neighborhood and they were about to call the police and we decided to check their house one more time and my mom went into her room and found her completely naked and sleeping on the top of a super tall shelf in her closet.
My best friend and I are super weird, and whenever either of us see an attractive person we tend to take a picture of them and send it to each other, because why not?
Bare in mind I’m sat next to my grandparents in the middle of a crowded lobby.
So I open my camera, take a picture- and guess what?
THE FUCKING FLASH WAS ON, WASN’T IT?
I make eye contact with thus cute guy, look at my Grandparents who both look extremely disappointed, and a few other people are looking at me.
Obviously I left the room immediately.
When I was about 5/6 my mom and stepdad bought my sister and I bikes for Easter.
After church they were like "do you wanna learn how to ride them?"
And I was like???
Duh??
I had finally gotten the hang of it and I was riding around the circle showing off, and my mom was like "say cheese" so I look over at her for a second and I FUCKING RAM INTO A CAR AT FULL SPEED.
A parked car that I didn’t even see, like at all, so I just rammed into this car and I fell off my bike and I was crying and all I could think about was "this must be how bugs feel" like they’re flying around living life and then SPLAT.
Looking back that was my first existential crisis.
In dreams: I’ve always had super vivid dreams and it takes me a while after waking up to realize that they’re not real.
Sometimes, it’s a disappointment but generally I just forget about it and move on.
Now, in 6th grade I had one really close friend who I never actually got into a fight with.
One night, I had a really vivid dream where my friend and I had this huge falling out over something that I can’t even remember now.
I was really good at holding grudges because I was not a forgiving child, so for three weeks I completely ignored my best friend in anger to the point where she started crying in front of the teacher and he asked what was going on.
Of course, as I’m telling the story I realize the events were super weird and that it was all a dream.
I fall silent and just look at my friend who’s still extremely upset and don’t know what to say because I had fucked up so badly.
Sniffing candles with my best friend: So my best friend and I were in a super market and there were a lot of new candles.
They all smelled strange so we started to think about names we could give them ‘grandma’s toilet cleaning agent’ or sth like this.
Whatever I guess we sniffed to much candles because we started laughing very hard and I lay on the floor and my best friend fell into to pasta shelf which made us laugh even more and louder and people were already staring at us.
Suddenly my brother’s best friend stood behind us and from this day he’s thinking that I’m taking drugs.
I don’t.
I just sniff candles with my best friend to burst out in laughter.
Skull lover: So I was sitting at a lecture when I feel like being stared at, and in the corner of my eye I see this really handsome guy, who’s literally just staring at me.
I don’t think much of it and continue to listen to the professor.
After the lecture the guy comes up to me, and lays his hand on head and I’m like "eeeehm, what are you doing" and he stares me dead in the eyes and says "I’ve never seen such a gorgeous skull" and then he turns around and leaves.
After the final bell, my friend and I were walking to our buses after school through a crowded hallway.
We were talking about childhood and reminiscing about old memories, and we somehow started talking about which people became hot since middle school.
My friend mentioned this guy named Keenan and I said "Yeah, he is pretty hot now," and my friend practically screamed "DUDE HE GLOWED UP SO HARD!"
("Glowed up" means I guess like someone became attractive).
Anyway, right as she said that she turned her head and he was RIGHT BEHIND US (this is so so very cliché but I swear to god there he was).
Anyway, right as she saw him she screamed "OH!
HE’S RIGHT THERE!".
And OF COURSE he heard her, but it was so awkward so he just walked past us looking down at his phone and my friend fell on the ground from embarrassment.
Chinese class: I took Chinese at school as a freshman.
On one particular day, we didn’t have anything to do in class since we had gone through the whole curriculum for the semester.
Our teacher wanted us to watch a Chinese movie in that free time, and I just so happened to watch one recently on YouTube.
I offered to find it, and my teacher let me use her computer, that was connected to a Promethean board so that the whole class could see what I was doing on the screen.
After a couple of minutes of searching, I couldn’t find the movie since I didn’t know the exact title, so I logged into my YouTube account and decided to find it in my history.
When I opened my history I was mortified since stupid me had forgotten that being the awkward virgin that I was at the time I had searched up tutorials on kissing and making out that previous night.
The whole class was hysterically laughing, my teacher was extremely confused, and I almost cried as I scrolled past all the kissing tutorials and finally found the movie.
I went back to my seat and didn’t speak to anyone in class for the rest of the week.
I still haven’t lived it down.
Coca-Cola disaster: A couple years ago my friends and I were going to see a movie in the theatre at the mall.
Instead of paying the ridiculous movie theatre prices for pop and candy, we decided to go to target to buy some stuff.
This was when Coca Cola started to put people’s names on their bottles.
My friend told me she had seen a bottle with my name on it inside this bin of Coke.
I was weirdly excited since I hadn’t gotten one with my name on it yet.
After I had bought the drink, I opened inside target, and it exploded EVERYWHERE.
The pop was at least five or six feet in diameter.
I watched as people passed the mess and made looks of disgust.
Imagine if I had opened it inside of the theatre.
Panic! at the pothole: Once upon a time I had a friend that was going to a Panic!
At The Disco concert and she promised me she would face time me so that I could watch with her.
So she messaged me at like the middle of the night telling me to answer her FaceTime call but I was at my neighbors house (which also happened to be my cousins house) so I started running out the door and my sister followed me behind and was chasing after me.
She asked me where I was going so I started running as fast as I could screaming: "WE HAVE TO GET HOME, IM NOT GONNA MAKE IT!
I NEED TO SEE, WHY CANT I SEE!?!"
Keep in mind that it’s like midnight right about now but I’m running and halfway through screaming.
I stepped inside a pothole in my neighbor’s lawn and completely fell in mud but I got right back up and kept running, muddy as hell, trying to get to my house while my sister was dying from laughter behind me.
That’s not even the sad part, the sad part is my friends phone died so I just sat there with mud all over me at the dining room table staring at my blank phone just waiting.
I waited for almost two hours, refusing to take a shower even though the mud was starting to dry up.
This was two years ago and to this day every time my sister sees the pothole she starts dying from laughter.
My late husband was American with almost no Chinese language knowledge, and I was Chinese with almost no English when we first met in Shanghai.
Body language and a language dictionary were things that helped us communicate.
Other girls carry their makeup essentials when they go on a date.
I carried my dictionary.
LOL.
I was at the beginning of learning English, and I was quite confused with some very similar words.
One day, before we headed out, I said, "Don’t forget your cat!"
He was very confused and looked around his hotel room, then asked, "Why?"
I said, "Because it is cold outside."
He suddenly just cracked up.
"I think you meant hat, not cat."
LOL!
Other than learning from my late husband, after I moved to America, watching TV was another way I learned English.
About three years after living in America, I got my teaching certificate and became a teacher.
At that time, I was still struggling with the huge differences between school cultures.
I knew there were a few eighth-grade boys who disliked me when I was being very strict.
So, one day I said in front of the class, "I know you think I am a bitch, but…"
Suddenly the class was dead quiet, and I could tell they were trying hard to not laugh out loud.
I was like, "Oops, did I say something wrong?"
Sure enough, that afternoon I got called to my principal’s office.
She said, "Grace, I know you are a very proper and professional person.
Can you tell me why you said "bitch" today?"
I answered, "I learned from TV that every time when others dislike a woman, they call her bitch.
Now I think I know it is a bad word based on my students’ reaction."
A man and a woman were having dinner in a fine restaurant.
Their waitress, taking another order at a table a few paces away noticed that the man was slowly sliding down his chair and under the table, with the woman acting unconcerned.
The waitress watched as the man slid all the way down his chair and out of sight under the table.
Still, the woman dining across from him appeared calm and unruffled, apparently unaware that her dining companion had disappeared.
After the waitress finished taking the order, she came over to the table and said to the woman, "Pardon me, ma'am, but I think your husband just slid under the table."
The woman calmly looked up at her and replied firmly, "No he didn't.
He just walked in the door."
Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson go on a camping trip, set up their tent, and fall asleep.
Some hours later, Holmes wakes his faithful friend.
"Watson, look up at the sky and tell me what you see."
Watson replies, "I see millions of stars."
"What does that tell you?"
Watson ponders for a minute.
An American farmer was on holiday in Wales.
He could not resist exploring the hill farms north of Aberystwyth.
At lunch time he dropped into a pub and fell into easy conversation with a Welsh farmer.
"How big is your spread?м , asked the American.
"Well look you, it's about 20 acres", he said.
"Only 20 acres," - the American responded, - " back in Texas I can get up at sunrise, saddle my horse and ride all day, when I return at supper time, I'll be lucky to cover half my farm."
"Dew dew", said the Welshman, - "I once had horse like that, but sent him to the knackers yard."
The hospital's consulting dietician was giving a lecture to several community nurses from the Southampton area of Hampshire.
The rubbish we put into our stomachs and consume should have killed most of us sitting here, years ago.
Red meat is terrible.
Fizzy drinks attack your stomach lining.
Chinese food is loaded with msg.
Vegetables can be disastrous because of fertilisers and pesticides and none of us realises the long-term damage being done by the rotten bacteria in our drinking water.
However, there is one food that is incredibly dangerous and we all have, or will, eat it at some time in our lives.
Now, is anyone here able to tell me what food it is that causes the most grief and suffering for years after eating it?
A 65-year-old nursing sister sitting in the front row stood up and said, 'Wedding cake.'
"I'm in a terrible fix," moaned Raymond.
"I'm in love with two girls and I don't know which to marry."
"No problem," said Sean to the Englishman.
"I know you're not a Catholic but I think the church could help you.
Call in tomorrow morning, kneel down and try a sincere prayer to God - that should do the trick."
Next morning Sean arrived to find Raymond with a beaming smile.
"It worked.
It's a miracle," Raymond enthused.
"I walked in, knelt down and there it was written in red across the altar cloth: AVE MARIA!'"
Just before thanksgiving Jim and Eddie are out hunting for turkeys when Jim keel's over and collapses.
He doesn't seem to be breathing and his eyes are glazed.
Eddie gets out his cell phone and calls the emergency services.
He gasps, "My friend Jim is dead!
What can I do?"
The operator says, "Calm down, I can help.
First, let's make sure he's dead."
There is a silence, then a shot is heard.
Back on the phone, the Eddie says, "OK, now what?"
Deductive reasoning is a lot simpler than many people realize.
Just see if it isn't.
Neighbor 1: "Hi, there, new neighbor, it sure is a mighty nice day to be moving."
New Neighbor: "Yes, it is and people around here seem extremely friendly."
Neighbor 1: "So what is it you do for a living?"
New Neighbor: "I am a professor at the University, I teach deductive reasoning."
Neighbor 1: "Deductive reasoning, what is that?"
New Neighbor: "Let me give you and example.
I see you have a dog house out back.
By that I deduce that you have a dog."
Neighbor 1: "That is right."
New Neighbor: "The fact that you have a dog, leads me to deduce that you have a family."
Neighbor 1: "Right again."
New Neighbor: "Since you have a family I deduce that you have a wife."
Neighbor 1: "Correct."
New Neighbor: "And since you have a wife, I can deduce that you are heterosexual."
Neighbor 1: "Yup."
New Neighbor: "That is deductive reasoning."
Neighbor 1: "Cool."
Later that same day.
Neighbor 1: "Hey, I was talking to that new guy who moved in next door."
Neighbor 2: "Is he a nice guy?"
Neighbor 1: "Yes, and he has an interesting job."
Neighbor 2: "Oh, yeah what does he do?"
Neighbor 1: "He is a professor of deductive reasoning at the University."
Neighbor 2: "Deductive reasoning, what is that?"
Neighbor 1: "Let me give you an example.
Do you have a dog house?"
Neighbor 2: "No."
Neighbor 1: "Fag."
A nursery school teacher was observing her classroom of children while they were drawing.
She would occasionally walk around to see each child's work.
As she got to little Sarah who was working diligently, she asked what the drawing was.
Sarah replied, 'I'm drawing God.'
The teacher paused and said, 'But no one knows what God looks like.'
Five surgeons were talking about the best patients.
First surgeon says, "Accountants are the best to operate on because when you open them up, everything on the inside is numbered."
Second surgeon says, "Nah - librarians are the best.
Everything inside them is in alphabetical order."
Third surgeon responds, "Try electricians, man!
Everything inside them is color coded!"
Fourth surgeon intercedes," I prefer lawyers.They're heartless, spineless, gutless, and their heads and butts are interchangeable."
To which the fifth surgeon, who has been quietly listening to the conversation, says, "I like engineers.
They always understand when you have a few parts left over at the end."
Forrest Gump Goes to Heaven.
The day finally arrived: Forrest Gump dies and goes to Heaven.
He is met at the Pearly Gates by Saint Peter himself.
The gates are closed, however, and Forest approaches the gatekeeper.
Saint Peter says, "Well, Forrest, it’s certainly good to see you.
We have heard a lot about you.
I must inform you that the place is filling up fast, and we’ve been administering an entrance examination for everyone.
The tests are fairly short, but you need to pass before you can get into Heaven."
Forrest responds, "It shore is good to be here Saint Peter.
I was looking forward to this.
Nobody ever told me about any entrance exams.
Shore hope the test ain’t too hard; life was a big enough test as it was."
Saint Peter goes on, "Yes, I know Forrest.
But, the test I have for you is only three questions.
Here is the first: What days of the week begin with the letter ‘T’?
Second, how many seconds are there in a year?
Third, what is God’s first name?"
Forrest goes away to think the questions over.
He returns the next day and goes up to Saint Peter to try to answer the exam questions.
Saint Peter waves him up and asks, "Now that you have had a chance to think the questions over, tell me your answers."
Forrest says, "Well, the first one, -how many days of the week begin with the letter ‘T’?"
"Shucks, that one’s easy; that’d be Today and Tomorrow!"
The saint’s eyes open wide and he exclaims, "Forrest!
That’s not what I was thinking, but you do have a point though, and I guess I didn’t specify, so I give you credit for that answer."
"How about the next one" says Saint Peter, "how many seconds in a year?"
"Now that one’s harder," says Forrest.
"But, I thunk and thunk about that, and I guess the only answer can be twelve."
Astounded, Saint Peter says, "Twelve!
Twelve!
Forrest, how in Heaven’s name could you come up with twelve seconds in a year?"
Forrest says, "Shucks, there gotta be twelve: January second, February second, March second."
"Hold it," interrupts Saint Peter.
"I see where you’re going with it."
"And I guess I see your point, though that wasn’t quite what I had in mind.
I’ll give you credit for that one too."
"Let’s go on with the next and final question," says Saint Peter, "Can you tell me God’s first name?"
Forest says, "Well shore, I know God’s first name.
Everybody probly knows It’s Howard."
"Howard?" asks Saint Peter.
"What makes you think it’s ‘Howard’?"
Forest answers, "It’s in the prayer."
"The prayer?" asks Saint Peter.
"Which prayer?"
"The Lord’s Prayer," responds Forest: "Our Father, Who art in Heaven, Howard be thy name."
Resurrected Rabbit.
A man was driving along the highway, and saw a rabbit hopping across the middle of the road.
He swerved to avoid hitting the rabbit, but unfortunately the rabbit jumped in front of the car and was hit.
The driver, being a sensitive man as well as an animal lover, pulled over to the side of the road, and got out to see what had become of the rabbit.
Much to his dismay, the rabbit was dead.
The driver felt so awful, he began to cry.
A woman driving down the highway saw the man crying on the side of the road and pulled over.
She stepped out of her car and asked the man what was wrong.
"I feel terrible," he explained, "I accidently hit this rabbit and killed it."
The woman told the man not to worry.
She knew what to do.
She went to her car trunk, and pulled out a spray can.
She walked over to the limp, dead rabbit, and sprayed the contents of the can onto the rabbit.
Miraculously the rabbit came to life, jumped up, waved it’s paw at the two humans and hopped down the road.
50 meters away the rabbit stopped, turned around, waved and hopped down the road, another 50 meters, turned, waved and hopped another 50 meters.
The man was astonished.
He couldn’t figure out what substance could be in the woman’s spray can!!
He ran over to the woman and demanded, "What is in your spray can?
What did you spray on that rabbit?"
The woman turned the can around so that the man could read the label.
It said: "Hair spray.
Restores life to dead hair.
Adds permanent wave."
Classic: Why did the Chicken Cross the Road?
Console yourself by considering the seeming impossibility of getting a straight answer to one of the simplest questions of all time.
This is a bit more philosophical, and the political references are a bit dated now, but some of you might be into that kind of thing.
WHY DID THE CHICKEN CROSS THE ROAD?
Plato: For the greater good.
Karl Marx: It was a historical inevitability.
Machiavelli: So that its subjects will view it with admiration, as a chicken which has the daring and courage to boldly cross the road, but also with fear, for whom among them has the strength to contend with such a paragon of avian virtue?
In such a manner is the princely chicken's dominion maintained.
Hippocrates: Because of an excess of light pink gooey stuff in its pancreas.
Jacques Derrida: Any number of contending discourses may be discovered within the act of the chicken crossing the road, and each interpretation is equally valid as the authorial intent can never be discerned, because structuralism is DEAD, DAMMIT, DEAD!
Thomas de Torquemada: Give me ten minutes with the chicken and I'll find out.
Timothy Leary: Because that's the only kind of trip the Establishment would let it take.
Douglas Adams: Forty-two.
Nietzsche: Because if you gaze too long across the Road, the Road gazes also across you.
Oliver North: National Security was at stake.
B.F. Skinner: Because the external influences which had pervaded its sensorium from birth had caused it to develop in such a fashion that it would tend to cross roads, even while believing these actions to be of its own free will.
Carl Jung: The confluence of events in the cultural gestalt necessitated that individual chickens cross roads at this historical juncture, and therefore synchronicitously brought such occurrences into being.
Jean-Paul Sartre: In order to act in good faith and be true to itself, the chicken found it necessary to cross the road.
Ludwig Wittgenstein: The possibility of "crossing" was encoded into the objects "chicken" and "road", and circumstances came into being which caused the actualization of this potential occurrence.
Salvador Dali: The Fish.
Darwin: It was the logical next step after coming down from the trees.
Emily Dickinson: Because it could not stop for death.
Epicurus: For fun.
Ralph Waldo Emerson: It didn't cross the road; it transcended it.
Johann Friedrich von Goethe: The eternal hen-principle made it do it.
Ernest Hemingway: To die.
In the rain.
Werner Heisenberg: We are not sure which side of the road the chicken was on, but it was moving very fast.
David Hume: Out of custom and habit.
Saddam Hussein: This was an unprovoked act of rebellion and we were quite justified in dropping 50 tons of nerve gas on it.
Jack Nicholson: 'Cause it (censored) wanted to.
That's the (censored) reason.
Pyrrho the Skeptic: What road?
Ronald Reagan: I forget.
John Sununu: The Air Force was only too happy to provide the transportation, so quite understandably the chicken availed himself of the opportunity.
The Sphinx: You tell me.
Henry David Thoreau: To live deliberately ... and suck all the marrow out of life.
Mark Twain: The news of its crossing has been greatly exaggerated.
Take heart!
Here are five proofs for the existence of Santa Claus (with apologies to Saint Thomas Aquinas).
Again, this is a bit philosophical, but Santa is worth every bit of intellectual energy we can muster.
"We proceed thus to the next article of discussion.
It seems that Santa Claus does not exist.
Objection 1: Presents may be given by the good elves, and so there is no need for Santa Claus.
Objection 2: If Santa Claus existed, there would be no chimneys too narrow for him.
But there are chimneys to narrow for him, and sometimes none at all.
Therefore Santa Claus does not exist.
On the contrary, Kay Starr says, "I saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus."
I answer that the existence of Santa Claus can be proved in five ways: the first and most evident way is the argument from Christmas trees.
It is certain and evident to our senses that some things in this world are Christmas trees.
Now no fir tree becomes a Christmas tree unless it is trimmed.
But to be trimmed means that one receives an ornament.
And since one cannot go on to infinity in the passing on of Christmas tree ornaments, there must be a First Untrimmed Trimmer, and this everyone understands to be Santa Claus.
The second way is from the notion of Christmas presents.
In this world we find the giving of Christmas presents.
Now he who gives Christmas presents either made them in his workshop, or got them from someone else.
And since, if no one makes presents in his workshop, there will be no giving of Christmas presents, there must be a first giver of Christmas presents, to whom everyone gives the name of Santa Claus.
The third way is from the plastic image of Santa Claus.
In all department stores we see plastic images that represent Santa Claus.
Now these are representations of Santa Claus either because of Santa himself, or because of some other imageof Santa.
Now there can be no infinite regression in representation, and so there must be something which is like Santa Claus because it is Santa Claus.
The fourth way is taken from the degrees of Christmas Spirit.
We see that people in the world have more or less of the Christmas Spirit.
But "more" or"less" is said only with reference to "most"; and so there must be someone who has the most Christmas Spirit, and this someone we call Santa Claus.
The fifth way is taken from the conduct of children.
As Christmas approaches we see children, who lack intelligence, acting for an end, which is shown by their always (or almost always) being good.
But children would not be good for Christmas unless someone ensured that they were good.
This someone is known by all to be Santa Claus.
Reply to Objection 1: since the good elves got the presents they give from someone else, they must be, at the very most, Santa's helpers; and without someone to help, viz., Santa Claus, there can be no helpers.
Reply to Objection 2: it is not impossible that Santa use the door like everyone else.
If General Motors Built Cars like Microsoft.
At a recent computer expo (COMDEX), Bill Gates reportedly compared the computer industry with the auto industry and stated: "If GM had kept up with technology like the computer industry has, we would all be driving twenty-five dollar cars that got 1000 miles to the gallon."
In response to Bill's comments, General Motors issued a press release stating (supposedly by Mr. Welch himself): "Yes, but would you want your car to crash twice a day?"
Then others added these comments.
1.
Every time they repainted the lines on the road you would have to buy a new car.
2.
Occasionally your car would die on the freeway for no reason, and you would just accept this, restart and drive on.
3.
Occasionally, executing a maneuver such as a left turn would cause your car to stop and fail and you would have to re-install the engine.
For some strange reason, you would accept this too.
4.
You could only have one person in the car at a time, unless you bought Car95 or CarNT.
But then you would have to buy more seats.
5.
Macintosh would make a car that was powered by the sun, was reliable, five times as fast, twice as easy to drive, but would only run on five percent of the roads.
6.
The Macintosh car owners would get expensive Microsoft uprgrades to their cars, which would make their cars run much slower.
7.
The oil, gas and alternator warning lights would be replaced by a single "general car fault" warning light.
8.
New seats would force everyone to have the same size butt.
9.
The airbag system would say are you sure?
Before going off.
10.
If you were involved in a crash, you would have no idea what happened.
11.
Occasionally, for no reason whatsoever, your car would lock you out and refuse to let you in until you simultaneously lifted the door handle, turned the key, and grabbed hold of the radio antenna.
12.
GM would require all car buyers to also purchase a deluxe set of Rand McNally road maps (now a GM subsidiary), even though they neither needed nor wanted them.
Attempting to delete this option would immediately cause the car's performance to diminish by 50% or more.
Moreover, GM would become the target of investigation by the Justice Department.
13.
Every time GM would introduce a new model car buyers would have to learn how to drive all over again because none of the controls would operate in the same manner as the old car.
14.
You'd press the "start" button to shut off the engine.
Montana Grizzly Bear Notice.
In light of the rising frequency of human/grizzly bear conflicts, the Montana Department of Fish and Game is advising hikers, hunters, and fishermen to take extra precautions and keep alert for bears while in the field.
"We advise that outdoorsmen wear noisy little bells on their clothing so as not to startle bears that aren't expecting them.
We also advise outdoorsmen to carry pepper spray with them in case of an encounter with a bear.
It is also a good idea to watch out for fresh signs of bear activity.
Outdoorsmen should recognize the difference between black bear and grizzly bear poop.
Black bear poop is smaller and contains lots of berries and squirrel fur.
Grizzly bear poop has little bells in it and smells like pepper."
If you see a message in your email with a subject line of "Badtimes," delete it immediately WITHOUT reading it.
This is the most dangerous virus yet.
It will re-write your hard drive.
Not only that, but it will scramble any disks that are even close to your computer up to 20 feet.
It will recalibrate your refrigerator's coolness setting so all your ice cream melts and milk curdles.
It will demagnetize the strips on all your credit cards, reprogram your ATM access code, screw up the tracking on your VCR and use subspace field harmonics to scratch any CDs you try to play.
It will give your ex-boy/girlfriend your new phone number.
It will program your phone auto dial to call only your mother's number.
It is insidious and subtle.
It is dangerous and terrifying to behold.
It will mix antifreeze into your fish tank.
It will drink all your beer.
It will hide your car keys when you are late for work and interfere with your car radio so that you hear 1940's hits and static while stuck in traffic.
It will give you nightmares about circus midgets.
It will replace your shampoo with Nair and your Nair with Rogaine, all while dating your current boy/girlfriend behind your back and billing their hotel rendezvous to your Visa card.
It will rewrite your back-up files, changing all your active verbs to passive tense and incorporating undetectable misspellings which grossly change the interpretation of key sentences.
"Badtimes" will give you Dutch Elm disease.
It will leave the toilet seat up and leave the hairdryer plugged in dangerously close to a full bathtub.
It will wantonly remove the forbidden tags from your mattresses and pillows, and refill your skim milk with whole.
"Badtimes" is an evil virus conceived by evil people.
It is also a rather interesting shade of mauve.
These are just a few signs.
Be very, very afraid.
Lawyers.
The local United Way office realized that it had never received a donation from the town's most successful lawyer.
The volunteer in charge of contributions called him to persuade him to contribute.
"Our research shows that out of a yearly income of more than $600,000 you give not a penny to charity.
Wouldn't you like to give back to the community in some way?"
The lawyer mulled this over for a moment and replied, "First, did your research also show that my mother is dying after a long illness, and has medical bills that are several times her annual income?"
Embarrassed, the United Way rep mumbled, "Um.
No."
"Second, that my brother, a disabled veteran, is blind and confined to a wheelchair?"
The stricken United Way rep began to stammer out an apology but was put off.
"Third, that my sister's husband died in a traffic accident," the lawyer's voice rising in indignation, "Leaving her penniless with three children?"
The humiliated United Way rep, completely beaten, said simply, "I had no idea."
On a roll, the lawyer cut him off once again, "And I don't give any money to them, so why should I give any to you?!"
Two storks are sitting in their nest: a father stork and baby stork.
The baby stork is crying and crying and father stork is trying to calm him.
"Don't worry, son.
Your mother will come back.
She's only bringing people babies and making them happy."
The next night, it's father's turn to do the job.
Mother and son are sitting in the nest, the baby stork is crying, and mother is saying "Son, your father will be back as soon as possible, but now he's bringing joy to new mommies and daddies."
A few days later, the stork's parents are desperate: their son is absent from the nest all night!
Shortly before dawn, he returns and the parents ask him where he's been all night.
The baby stork says, "Nowhere.
Just scaring the hell out of college students!"
I’ve just finished filling my tank with petrol.
Now all my goldfish are dead.
Duck Food.
A duck walks into a bar and says "Do you have duck food here?"
The bartender says "No" and the duck leaves.
The duck comes back the next day and says "Do you have duck food?"
The bartender says "No."
The duck comes back the next day and says "Do you have any duck food?"
The bartender says "I already told you ‘No’ twice!
If you come back and ask me again, I’m going to nail your feet to the floor!"
The duck comes back the next day and says "Do you have any nails?"
The bartender says "No."
"Do you have any duck food?"
So Drunk He Can't Walk.
So Drunk He Can't Stand Up.
An Irishman's been drinking at a pub all night.
When he stands up to leave, he falls flat on his face.
He tries to stand one more time, but to no avail.
Again, he falls flat on his face.
He figures he'll crawl outside and get some fresh air and maybe that will sober him up.
Once outside, he stands up and, sure enough, he falls flat on his face.
The Irishman decides to crawl the four blocks to his home.
When he arrives at the door, he stands up and falls flat on his face.
He crawls through the door into his bedroom.
When he reaches his bed, he tries one more time to stand up.
This time, he manages to pull himself upright but he quickly falls right into bed.
He is sound asleep as soon as his head hits the pillow.
He awakens the next morning to his wife standing over him, shouting, "So, you've been out drinking again!"
"Why do you say that?" he asks innocently.
"The pub called.
You left your wheelchair there again."
Drunk Driving?
Note: This isn't funny, from one point of view, but then, from another...
A Highway Patrolman waited outside a popular bar, hoping for a bust.
At closing time everyone come out and he spotted his potential quarry.
The man was so obviously inebriated that he could barely walk.
He stumbled around the parking lot for a few minutes, looking for his car.
After trying his keys on five other cars, he finally found his own vehicle.
He sat in the car a good ten minutes, as the other patrons left.
He turned his lights on, then off, wipers on, then off.
He started to pull forward into the grass, then stopped.
Finally, when he was the last car, he pulled out onto the road and started to drive away.
The patrolman, waiting for this, turned on his lights and pulled the man over.
He administered the breathalyzer test, and to his great surprise, the man blew a 0.00.
The patrolman was dumbfounded.
"This equipment must be broken!" he exclaimed.
"I doubt it," said the man, "tonight I am the designated decoy!"
Attitude Adjustment.
A little rabbit is happily running through the forest when he stumbles upon a giraffe rolling a joint.
The rabbit says, "Giraffe my friend, why do you do this?
Come with me running through the forest!
You'll see, you'll feel so much better!"
The giraffe looks at him, looks at the joint, tosses it and goes off running with the rabbit.
Then they come across an elephant snorting coke, so the rabbit again says, "Elephant my friend, why do you do this?
Think about your health.
Come running with us through the pretty forest!
You'll see, you'll feel so good!"
The elephant looks at them, looks at his razor, mirror and all, then tosses them and starts running with the rabbit and giraffe.
The three animals then come across a lion about to shoot up and the rabbit says, "Lion my friend, why do you do this?
Think of what you are doing to your body!
Come running with us through the sunny forest!
You will feel so good!"
The lion puts down his needle, picks up the rabbit and starts beating him.
As the giraffe and elephant watch in horror they say, "Lion, why did you do this?
He was merely trying to help us all!"
The lion says, "He always makes me run around the forest for hours every time he's on ecstasy!"
A Virus that Microsoft Can Handle.
FOOT-AND-MOUTH BELIEVED TO BE FIRST VIRUS UNABLE TO SPREAD THROUGH MICROSOFT OUTLOOK.
The study was immediately hailed by British officials, who said it will save millions of pounds and thousands of man hours.
"Up until now we have, quite naturally, assumed that both foot-and-mouth and mad cow were spread by Microsoft Outlook," said Nick Brown, Britain's Agriculture Minister.
"By eliminating it, we can focus our resources elsewhere."
However, researchers in the Netherlands, where foot-and-mouth has recently appeared, said they are not yet prepared to disqualify Outlook, which has been the progenitor of viruses such as "I Love You," "Bubbleboy," "Anna Kournikova," and "Naked Wife," to name but a few.
Said Nils Overmars, director of the Molecular Virology Lab at Leiden University: "It's not that we don't trust the research, it's just that as scientists, we are trained to be skeptical of any finding that flies in the face of established truth.
And this one flies in the face like a blind drunk sparrow."
Executives at Microsoft, meanwhile, were equally skeptical, insisting that Outlook's patented Virus Transfer Protocol (VTP) has proven virtually pervious to any virus.
The company, however, will issue a free VTP patch if it turns out the application is not vulnerable to foot-and-mouth.
Such an admission would be embarrassing for the software giant, but Symantec virologist Ariel Kologne insisted that no one is more humiliated by the study than she is.
"Only last week, I had a reporter ask if the foot-and-mouth virus spreads through Microsoft Outlook, and I told him, 'Doesn't everything?'" she recalled.
"Who would've thought?"
Santa Claus: An Engineer's Perspective.
There are approximately two billion children (persons under 18) in the world.
However, since Santa does not visit children of Muslim, Hindu, Jewish or Buddhist religions, this reduces the workload for Christmas night to 15% of the total, or 378 million (according to the Population Reference Bureau).
At an average (census) rate of 3.5 children per household, that comes to 108 million homes, presuming that there is at least one good child in each.
Santa has about 31 hours of Christmas to work with, thanks to the different time zones and the rotation of the earth, assuming he travels east to west (which seems logical).
This works out to 967.7 visits per second.
This is to say that, for each Christian household with a good child, Santa has around 1/1000th of a second to park the sleigh, hop out, jump down the chimney, fill the stockings, distribute the remaining presents under the tree, eat whatever snacks have been left for him, get back up the chimney, hope back into the sleigh, and get to the next house.
Assuming that each of these 108 million stops is evenly distributed around the earth (which, of course, we know to be false, but will accept for the purposes of our calculations), we are now talking about 0.78 miles per household; a total trip of 75.5 million miles, not counting bathroom stops or breaks.
This means Santa's sleigh is moving at 650 miles per second - 3,000 times the speed of sound.
For purposes of comparison, the fastest man-made vehicle, the Ulysses space probe, moves at a poky 27.4 miles per second, and a conventional reindeer can run (at best) 15 miles per hour.
The payload of the sleigh adds another interesting element.
Assuming that each child gets nothing more that a medium sized Lego set (two pounds), the sleigh is carrying over 500 thousand tons, not counting Santa himself.
On land, a conventional reindeer can pull no more than 300 pounds.
Even granting that the "flying" reindeer could pull ten times the normal amount, the job can't be done with eight or even nine of them - Santa would need 360,000 of them.
This increases the payload -- not counting the weight of Santa, which is reported to be fairly impressive -- to 600,000 tons.
600,000 tons traveling at 650 miles per second creates enormous air resistance -- this would heat up the reindeer in the same fashion as a spacecraft re-entering the earth's atmosphere.
The lead pair of reindeer would absorb 14.3 quintillion joules of energy per second each.
In short, they would burst into flames almost instantaneously, exposing the reindeer behind them and creating deafening sonic booms in their wake.
The entire reindeer team would be vaporized within 4.26 thousandths of a second, or right away, and just before the sleigh, presents, and Santa followed.
Therefore, if Santa did exist, he's dead now.
Air Force Maintenance Reports.
The US Air Force must have given up on the Fault Tree Analysis they had developed in 1959.
Here are some actual maintenance complaints submitted by US Air Force pilots and the replies from the maintenance crews.
Problem: Left inside main tire almost needs replacement.
Solution: Almost replaced left inside main tire.
Problem: Test flight OK, except autoland very rough.
Problem: Something loose in cockpit.
Solution: Something tightened in cockpit.
Problem: Evidence of hydraulic leak on right main landing gear.
Solution: Evidence removed.
Problem: DME volume unbelievably loud.
Problem: IFF inoperative.
Solution: IFF inoperative in OFF mode.
Problem: Friction locks cause throttle levers to stick.
Solution: That's what they're there for.
Problem: Number three engine missing.
Solution: Engine found on right wing after brief search.
58 Actual Newspaper Headlines (collected by actual journalists).
1.
Something Went Wrong in Jet Crash, Expert Says.
2.
Police Begin Campaign to Run Down Jaywalkers.
3.
Safety Experts Say School Bus Passengers Should Be Belted.
4.
Drunk Gets Nine Months in Violin Case.
5.
Survivor of Siamese Twins Joins Parents.
6.
Farmer Bill Dies in House.
7.
Iraqi Head Seeks Arms.
8.
Is There a Ring of Debris around Uranus?
9.
Stud Tires Out.
10.
Prostitutes Appeal to Pope.
11.
Panda Mating Fails; Veterinarian Takes Over.
12.
Soviet Virgin Lands Short of Goal Again.
13.
British Left Waffles on Falkland Islands.
14.
Lung Cancer in Women Mushrooms.
15.
Eye Drops off Shelf.
16.
Teacher Strikes Idle Kids.
17.
Reagan Wins on Budget, But More Lies Ahead.
18.
Squad Helps Dog Bite Victim.
19.
Shot Off Woman’s Leg Helps Nicklaus to 66.
20.
Enraged Cow Injures Farmer with Ax.
21.
Plane Too Close to Ground, Crash Probe Told.
22.
Miners Refuse to Work after Death.
23.
Juvenile Court to Try Shooting Defendant.
24.
Stolen Painting Found by Tree.
25.
Two Soviet Ships Collide, One Dies.
26.
Two Sisters Reunited after 18 Years in Checkout Counter.
27.
Killer Sentenced to Die for Second Time in 10 Years.
28.
Never Withhold Herpes Infection from Loved One.
29.
Drunken Drivers Paid $1000 in ‘84.
30.
War Dims Hope for Peace.
31.
If Strike isn’t Settled Quickly, It May Last a While.
32.
Cold Wave Linked to Temperatures.
33.
Enfields Couple Slain; Police Suspect Homicide.
34.
Red Tape Holds Up New Bridge.
35.
Deer Kill 17,000.
36.
Typhoon Rips Through Cemetery; Hundreds Dead.
37.
Man Struck by Lightning Faces Battery Charge.
38.
New Study of Obesity Looks for Larger Test Group.
39.
Astronaut Takes Blame for Gas in Spacecraft.
40.
Kids Make Nutritious Snacks.
41.
Chef Throws His Heart into Helping Feed Needy.
42.
Arson Suspect is Held in Massachusetts Fire.
43.
British Union Finds Dwarfs in Short Supply.
44.
Ban On Soliciting Dead in Trotwood.
45.
Lansing Residents Can Drop Off Trees.
46.
Local High School Dropouts Cut in Half.
47.
New Vaccine May Contain Rabies.
48.
Man Minus Ear Waives Hearing.
49.
Deaf College Opens Doors to Hearing.
50.
Air Head Fired.
51.
Steals Clock, Faces Time.
52.
Prosecutor Releases Probe into Undersheriff.
53.
Old School Pillars are Replaced by Alumn.
54.
Bank Drive-in Window Blocked by Board.
55.
Hospitals are Sued by 7 Foot Doctors.
56.
Some Pieces of Rock Hudson Sold at Auction.
57.
Sex Education Delayed, Teachers Request Training.
58.
Include your Children when Baking Cookies.
Kung Fu Movie Subtitles.
A list of actual subtitles from Kung Fu films from Hong Kong.
1.
I am damn unsatisfied to be killed in this way.
2.
Fatty, you with your thick face have hurt my instep.
3.
Gun wounds again?
4.
Same old rules: no eyes, no groin.
5.
A normal person wouldn’t steal pituitaries.
6.
Damn, I’ll burn you into a BBQ chicken!
7.
Take my advice, or I’ll spank you without pants.
8.
Who gave you the nerve to get killed here?
9.
Quiet or I’ll blow your throat up.
10.
You always use violence.
I should’ve ordered glutinous rice chicken.
11.
I’ll fire aimlessly if you don’t come out!
12.
You daring lousy guy.
13.
Beat him out of recognizable shape!
14.
I have been scared sh*tless too much lately.
15.
I got knife scars more than the number of your leg’s hair!
16.
Beware!
Your bones are going to be disconnected.
17.
The bullets inside are very hot.
Why do I feel so cold?
18.
How can you use my intestines as a gift?
Strange United States Laws.
Console yourself with these real standing laws from around the United States of America that nobody pays attention to either.
Alabama.
1.
It is illegal for a driver to be blindfolded while operating a vehicle.
California.
1.
Community leaders passed an ordinance that makes it illegal for anyone to try and stop a child from playfully jumping over puddles of water.
Connecticut.
1.
You can be stopped by the police for biking over 65 miles per hour.
2.
You are not allowed to walk across a street on your hands.
Florida.
1.
Women may be fined for falling asleep under a hair dryer, as can the salon owner.
2.
A special law prohibits unmarried women from parachuting on Sunday or she shall risk arrest, fine, and/or jailing.
3.
If an elephant is left tied to a parking meter, the parking fee has to be paid just as it would for a vehicle.
4.
In Sarasota it is illegal to sing in a public place while attired in a swimsuit.
5.
Men may not be seen publicly in any kind of strapless gown.
Illinois.
1.
It is illegal for anyone to give lighted cigars to dogs, cats, and other domesticated animal kept as pets.
Indiana.
1.
Bathing is prohibited during the winter.
2.
Citizens are not allowed to attend a movie house or theater nor ride in a public streetcar within at least four hours after eating garlic. (a law that makes sense)
Iowa.
1.
Kisses may last for as much as, but no more than, five minutes.
Kentucky.
1.
By law, anyone who has been drinking is "sober" until he or she "cannot hold onto the ground."
2.
It is illegal to transport an ice cream cone in your pocket.
Louisana.
1.
It is illegal to rob a bank and then shoot at the bank teller with a water pistol.
2.
Biting someone with your natural teeth is "simple assault," while biting someone with your false teeth is "aggravated assault."
Massachusetts.
1.
Mourners at a wake may not eat more than three sandwiches.
2.
Snoring is prohibited unless all bedroom windows are closed and securely locked.
3.
An old ordinance declares goatees illegal unless you first pay a special license fee for the privilege of wearing one in public.
Stupid Product Warning Labels.
On the "CycleAware" helmet-mounted mirror:
"Remember: Objects in the mirror are actually behind you."
On a large folding cardboard sunshade for car windscreens:
"Do not attempt to operate vehicle with sunshade in place."
On a car lock which loops around both the clutch pedal and the steering wheel:
"Warning - Remove lock before driving."
In the instructions for a Korean kitchen knife:
"Keep out of children."
On a packet of juggling balls:
"This product contains small granules under 3 millimeters.
Not suitable for children under the age of 14 years in Europe or 8 years in the USA."
On a packet of Nytol sleeping tablets:
"Warning: may cause drowsiness."
On a packet of peanuts served on an internal flight in China (written in both English and Chinese):
"Open packet and eat contents."
On 500g packets of Sainsbury's peanuts:
"Contains nuts."
Seen on a camera:
"This camera only works when there is a film inside."
A different brand of insect spray:
"Kills flies, wasps, mosquitoes, midges, and other flying insects.
Not tested on animals."
On an ocean buoy for determining the position of submarines:
"Protect from seawater."
On a Halloween Batman costume:
"This cape does not give the wearer the ability to fly."
On Sears hairdryer:
"Do not use while sleeping."
(Gee, that's the only time I have to work on my hair!)
On a bag of Fritos:
"You could be a winner!
No purchase necessary.
Details inside."
(The shoplifter special!)
On a bar of Dial soap:
"Directions: Use like regular soap."
(and that would be how?)
On some Swann frozen dinners:
"Serving suggestion: Defrost."
(But it's *just* a suggestion!)
On a hotel provided shower cap in a box:
"Fits one head."
(The big one or the little one?)
On Marks & Spencer Bread Pudding:
"Product will be hot after heating."
(Are you sure???
Let's experiment.)
On Boot's Children's cough medicine:
"Do not drive car or operate machinery."
(We could do a lot to reduce the rate of construction accidents if we just kept those 5 year old off those fork lifts.)
On a Swedish chainsaw:
"Do not attempt to stop chain with your hands or genitals."
(What is this, a home castration kit?)
On a child's superman costume:
"Wearing of this garment does not enable you to fly."
(That's right, destroy a universal childhood fantasy!)
McDonald's Job Application.
It is rumored that this an actual job application someone submitted to McDonald's... and further rumored that they hired him!
But Greg Bulmash set me straight.
He says, "[It was] never submitted at McD's, at least not by the guy whose name is on it.
I'm him and I wrote it as a joke for a humor web site I used to run."
1.
NAME: Greg Bulmash
2.
DESIRED POSITION: Reclining.
Ha ha.
But seriously, whatever's available.
If I was in a position to be picky, I wouldn't be applying here in the first place.
3.
DESIRED SALARY: $185,000 a year plus stock options and a Michael Ovitz style severance package.
If that's not possible, make an offer and we can haggle.
4.
EDUCATION: Yes.
5.
LAST POSITION HELD: Target for middle management hostility.
6.
SALARY: Less than I'm worth.
7.
MOST NOTABLE ACHIEVEMENT: My incredible collection of stolen pens and post-it notes.
8.
REASON FOR LEAVING: It sucked.
9.
HOURS AVAILABLE TO WORK: Any.
10.
PREFERRED HOURS: 1:30-3:30 p.m., Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday.
11.
DO YOU HAVE ANY SPECIAL SKILLS?: Yes, but they're better suited to a more intimate environment.
12.
MAY WE CONTACT YOUR CURRENT EMPLOYER?: If I had one, would I be here?
13.
DO YOU HAVE ANY PHYSICAL CONDITIONS THAT WOULD PROHIBIT YOU FROM LIFTING (UP TO 50 LBS)?: Of what?
14.
DO YOU HAVE A CAR?: I think the more appropriate question here would be "Do you have a car that runs?"
16.
DO YOU SMOKE?: Only when set on fire.
18.
DO YOU CERTIFY THAT THE ABOVE IS TRUE AND COMPLETE TO THE BEST OF YOUR KNOWLEDGE?: No, but I dare you to prove otherwise.
19.
SIGN HERE: Scorpio with Libra rising.
Darwin Awards, 1998.
Once again it is time to start thinking about casting your vote for the 1998 Darwin Award winner!
As you may already know, the Darwin Awards are for those nominees who contribute to the gene pool by dying in spectacularly stupid ways before they breed (thankfully).
The 1998 nominees are:
NOMINEE No.1 [San Jose Mercury News]:
An unidentified man, using a shotgun like a club to break a former girlfriend's windshield, accidentally shot himself to death when the gun discharged, blowing a hole in his gut.
NOMINEE No.2: [Kalamazoo Gazette]
James Burns, 34, (a mechanic) of Alamo, Mich., was killed in March as he was trying to repair what police described as a "farm-type truck."
Burns got a friend to drive the truck on a highway while Burns hung underneath so that he could ascertain the source of a troubling noise.
Burns' clothes caught on something, however, and the other man found Burns "wrapped in the drive shaft."
NOMINEE No.3: [Hickory Daily Record]
Ken Charles Barger, 47, accidentally shot himself to death in December in Newton, N.C., when, awakening to the sound of a ringing telephone beside his bed, he reached for the phone but grabbed instead a Smith & Wesson Special, which discharged when he drew it to his ear.
NOMINEE No.4: [UPI, Toronto]
Police said a lawyer, demonstrating the safety of windows in a downtown Toronto skyscraper, crashed through a pane with his shoulder and plunged 24 floors to his death.
A police spokesman said Gary Hoy, 39, fell into the courtyard of the Toronto Dominion Bank Tower early Friday evening as he was explaining the strength of the building's windows to visiting law students.
Hoy previously had conducted demonstrations of window strength according to police reports.
Peter Lawyers, managing partner of the firm Holden Day Wilson, told the Toronto Sun newspaper that Hoy was "one of the best and brightest" members of the 200-man association.
NOMINEE No.5: [Bloomburg News Service]
A terrible diet and room with no ventilation are being blamed for the death of a man who was killed by his own gas.
There was no mark on his body but an autopsy showed large amounts of methane gas in his system.
His diet had consisted primarily of beans and cabbage (and a couple of other things).
It was just the right combination of foods.
It appears that the man died in his sleep from breathing the poisonous cloud that was hanging over his bed.
Had he been outside or had his windows been opened, it wouldn't have been fatal.
But the man was shut up in his near airtight bedroom.
According to the article, "He was a big man with a huge capacity for creating this deadly gas."
Three of the rescuers got sick and one was hospitalized.
NOMINEE No.6: [The News of the Weird.]
Michael Anderson Godwin made News of the Weird posthumously.
He had spent several years awaiting South Carolina's electric chair on a murder conviction before having his sentence reduced to life in prison.
Whilst sitting on a metal toilet in his cell and attempting to fix his small TV set, he bit into a wire and was electrocuted.
NOMINEE NO.7: ["The Indianapolis Star"]
A Jay County man using a cigarette lighter to check the barrel of a muzzle loader was killed Monday night when the weapon discharged in his face, sheriff's investigators said.
Gregory David Pryor, 19, died in his parents' rural Dunkirk home about 11:30 p.m.
Investigators said Pryor was cleaning a 54-caliber muzzleloader that had not been firing properly.
He was using the lighter to look into the barrel when the gunpowder ignited.
NOMINEE No.8: [AP, St. Louis]
Robert Puelo, 32, was apparently being disorderly in a St. Louis market.
When the clerk threatened to call police, Puelo grabbed a hot dog, shoved it in his mouth, and walked out without paying for it.
Police found him unconscious in front of the store.
Paramedics removed the six-inch wiener from his throat, where it had choked him to death.
NOMINEE No.9: [Unknown]
To poacher Marino Malerba, who shot a stag standing above him on an overhanging rock--and was killed instantly when it fell on him.
NOMINEE No.10: [Associated Press,Kincaid, W. VA]
A man at a party popped a blasting cap into his mouth and bit down, triggering an explosion that blew off his lips, teeth and tongue, State Police said Wednesday.
Jerry Stromyer, 24, of Kincaid, bit the blasting cap as a prank during a party late Tuesday night, said Cpl M.D. Payne.
"Another man had it in an aquarium, hooked to a battery, and was trying explode it," Payne said.
"It wouldn't go off and this guy said, 'I'll show you how to set it off.'"
NOMINEE No.11: [Reuters, Mississauga, Ontario]
A man cleaning a Birdfeeder on the balcony of his condominium apartment in this Toronto suburb slipped and fell 23 stories to his death.
Stefan Macko, 55, was standing on a wheeled chair when the accident occurred, said Inspector D'Arcy Honer of the Peel Regional Police.
"It appears the chair moved and he went over the balcony," Honer said.
NOMINEE No.12: [UPI, Portland, OR]
Doctors at Portland's University Hospital said Wednesday an Oregon man shot through the skull by a hunting arrow is lucky to be alive, and will be released soon from the hospital.
Tony Roberts, 25, lost his right eye during an initiation into a men's rafting club, Mountain Men Anonymous, in Grants Pass, OR.
A friend tried to shoot a beer can off his head, but the arrow entered Robert's right eye.
Doctors said had the arrow gone 1 millimeter to the left, major blood vessel would have cut and Roberts would have died instantly.
Neurosurgeon Dr. Johnny Delashaw at the University Hospital in Portland said the arrow went through 8 to 10 inches of brain, with the tip protruding at the rear of his skull, yet somehow managed to miss all major blood vessels.
Delashaw also said that if Robert had tried to pull the arrow out he surely would have killed himself.
Roberts admitted afterwards he and his friends had been drinking that afternoon.
Said Roberts, "I feel so dumb about this."
NOMINEE No.13 The Calgary Sun Saturday, December 28, 1996 VANCOUVER (CP)
A man arguing over a love triangle accidentally shot himself in the groin, taking off his testicles and part of his penis.
Police said the man was waving a 357 Magnum revolver around during the shouting match early yesterday, but when he stuffed it back in his pants, the gun went off.
Police were called to the hospital after the man in his 20s was brought in by friends.
Charges are pending against the victim, who is expected to survive.
And finally:
NOMINEE No.14: [Arkansas Democrat Gazette]
Two local men were seriously injured when their pick-up truck left the road and struck a tree near Cotton Patch on State Highway 38 early Monday morning.
Woodruff County deputy Dovey Snyder reported the accident shortly after midnight Monday.
Thurston Poole, 33, of Des Arc, and Billy Ray Wallis, 38, of Little Rock, are listed in serious condition at Baptist Medical Center.
The accident occurred as the two men were returning to Des Arc after a frog gigging trip.
On an overcast Sunday night, Poole's pick-up truck headlights malfunctioned.
The two men concluded that the headlight fuse on the older model truck had burned out.
As a replacement fuse was not available, Wallis noticed that the bullet from his pistol fit perfectly into the fuse box next to the steering wheel column.
Upon inserting the bullet, the headlights again began to operate properly, and the two men proceeded on east-bound toward the White River bridge.
After travelling approximately twenty miles and just before crossing the river, the bullet apparently overheated, discharged and struck Poole in the right testicle.
The vehicle swerved sharply to the right exiting the pavement and striking a tree.
Poole suffered only minor cuts and abrasions from the accident, but will require surgery to repair the other wound.
Wallis sustained a broken clavicle and was treated and released.
"Thank God we weren't on that bridge when Thurston shot his balls off or we might both be dead," stated Wallis.
"I've been a trooper for ten years in this part of the world, but this is a first for me.
I can't believe that those two would admit how this accident happened", said Snyder.
Upon being notified of the wreck, Lavinia, Poole's wife, asked how many frogs the boys had caught and did anyone get them from the truck
Lawyer Laughs... (from Disorder in the Court)
Just another mass mailing to my nearest and dearest who need a little humor in their lives and probably can find an attorney to forward this to!
Some lawyer laughs from a little book called "Disorder in the Court."
These are things people actually said in court, word for word.
Q: What gear were you in at the moment of the impact?
A: Gucci sweats and Reeboks.
Q: This myasthenia gravis, does it affect your memory at all?
A: Yes.
Q: And in what ways does it affect your memory?
A: I forget.
Q: You forget.
Can you give us an example of something that you've forgotten?
Q: How old is your son, the one living with you.
A: Thirty-eight or thirty-five, I can't remember which.
Q: How long has he lived with you?
A: Forty-five years.
Q: What was the first thing your husband said to you when he woke that morning?
A: He said, "Where am I, Cathy?"
Q: And why did that upset you?
A: My name is Susan.
Q: And where was the location of the accident?
A: Approximately milepost 499.
Q: And where is milepost 499?
A: Probably between milepost 498 and 500.
Q: Sir, what is your IQ?
A: Well, I can see pretty well, I think.
Q: Did you blow your horn or anything?
A: After the accident?
Q: Before the accident.
A: Sure, I played for ten years.
I even went to school for it.
Q: Do you know if your daughter has ever been involved in voodoo or the occult?
A: We both do.
Q: Voodoo?
A: We do.
Q: You do?
A: Yes, voodoo.
Q: Trooper, when you stopped the defendant, were your red and blue lights flashing?
A: Yes.
Q: Did the defendant say anything when she got out of her car?
A: Yes, sir.
Q: What did she say?
A: What disco am I at?
Q: Now doctor, isn't it true that when a person dies in his sleep, he doesn't know about it until the next morning?
Q: The youngest son, the twenty-year old, how old is he?
Q: Were you present when your picture was taken?
Q: Was it you or your younger brother who was killed in the war?
Q: Did he kill you?
Q: How far apart were the vehicles at the time of the collision?
Q: You were there until the time you left, is that true?
Q: How many times have you committed suicide?
Q: So the date of conception (of the baby) was August 8th?
A: Yes.
Q: And what were you doing at that time?
Q: She had three children, right?
A: Yes.
Q: Were there any girls?
Q: You say the stairs went down to the basement?
A: Yes.
Q: And these stairs, did they go up also?
Q: How was your first marriage terminated?
A: By death.
Q: And by whose death was it terminated?
Q: Can you describe the individual?
A: He was about medium height and had a beard.
Q: Was this a male, or a female?
Q: Is your appearance here this morning pursuant to a deposition notice which I sent to your attorney?
A: No, this is how I dress when I go to work.
Q: Doctor, how many autopsies have you performed on dead people?
A: All my autopsies are performed on dead people.
Q: All your responses must be oral, OK?
What school did you go to?
A: Oral.
Q: Do you recall the time that you examined the body?
A: The autopsy started around 8:30 p.m.
Q: And Mr. Dennington was dead at the time?
A: No, he was sitting on the table wondering why I was doing an autopsy.
Q: Are you qualified to give a urine sample?
Q: Doctor, before you performed the autopsy, did you check for a pulse?
A: No.
Q: So, then it is possible that the patient was alive when you began the autopsy?
A: No.
Q: How can you be so sure, Doctor?
A: Because his brain was sitting on my desk in a jar.
Q: But could the patient have still been alive nevertheless?
A: It is possible that he could have been alive and practicing law somewhere.
The World's Easiest Quiz...
1.
How long did the Hundred Years War last?
2.
Which country makes Panama hats?
3.
Where do we get catgut?
4.
In which month do Russians celebrate the October Revolution?
5.
What is a camel's hair brush made of?
6.
The Canary Islands in the Atlantic are named after what animal?
7.
What was King George VI's first name?
8.
What color is the purple finch?
9.
What country do Chinese gooseberries come from?
10.
How long did the Thirty Years War last?
PENCILS DOWN.
1.
116 years, from 1337 to 1453.
2.
Ecuador.
3.
From sheep and horses.
4.
November, since the Russian calendar was 13 days behind ours.
5.
Squirrel fur.
6.
The Latin name was Insularia Canaria - Island of the Dogs.
7.
Albert.
He respected Queen Victoria's wish that no future King should be called Albert.
8.
Distinctly crimson.
9.
New Zealand.
10.
Thirty years, of course -- from 1618 to 1648.
The Aging Process.
Do you realize that the only time in our lives when we like to get old is when we're kids?
If you're less than ten years old, you're so excited about aging that you think in fractions.
"How old are you?"
"I'm four and a half."
You're never 36 and a half.
You're four and a half going on 5.
You get into your teens; now they can't hold you back.
You jump to the next number.
"How old are you?"
"I'm gonna be 16."
You could be 12, but you're gonna be 16.
Eventually.
Then the great day of your life; you become 21.
Even the words sound like a ceremony.
You BECOME 21; you TURN 30.
Then you're PUSHING 40....stay over there.
You REACH 50.
You BECOME 21; you TURN 30; You're PUSHING 40; you REACH 50; then you MAKE IT to 60.
By then you've built up so much speed, you HIT 70.
After that, it's a day by day thing.
You get into your 80's; you HIT lunch, you HIT 4:30.
My Grandmother won't even buy green bananas.
"Well, it's an investment, you know, and maybe a bad one."
And it doesn't end there.
Into the 90's, you start going backwards.
"I was JUST 92."
Then a strange thing happens; if you make it over 100, you become a little kid again.
These are the collection made by Norwich Union for their annual Christmas mag.
"I started to slow down but the traffic was more stationary than I thought."
"I pulled into a lay-by with smoke coming from under the bonnet.
I realised the car was on fire so took my dog and smothered it with a blanket."
Q: Could either driver have done anything to avoid the accident?
A: Travelled by bus?
A Norwich Union customer collided with a cow.
The questions and answers on the claim form were:
Q: - What warning was given by you?
A: - Horn.
Q:- What warning was given by the other party?
A:- Moo.
"I started to turn and it was at this point I noticed a camel and an elephant tethered at the verge.
This distraction caused me to lose concentration and hit a bollard."
"On approach to the traffic lights the car in front suddenly broke."
"I was going at about 70 or 80 mph when my girlfriend on the pillion reached over and grabbed my testicles so I lost control."
"I didn't think the speed limit applied after midnight"
"I knew the dog was possessive about the car but I would not have asked her to drive it if I had thought there was any risk."
Q: Do you engage in motorcycling, hunting or any other pastimes of a hazardous nature?
A: I Watch the Lottery Show and listen to Terry Wogan.
"First car stopped suddenly, second car hit first car and a haggis ran into the rear of second car."
"Windscreen broken.
Cause unknown.
Probably Voodoo."
"The car in front hit the pedestrian but he got up so I hit him again."
"I had been driving for 40 years when I fell asleep at the wheel and had an accident.
I pulled away from the side of the road, glanced at my mother-in-law and headed over the embankment."
"Coming home, I drove into the wrong house and collided with a tree I don't have."
"The other car collided with mine without giving warning of its intention."
"I thought my window was down, but I found out it wasn't when I put my head through it".
"I collided with a stationary truck coming the other way".
"A truck backed through my windshield into my wife's face".
"A pedestrian hit me and went under my car".
"The guy was all over the road.
I had to swerve a number of times before I hit him."
"In an attempt to kill a fly, I drove into a telephone pole."
"I had been shopping for plants all day and was on my way home.
As I reached an intersection a hedge sprang up obscuring my vision and I did not see the other car."
"I was on my way to the doctor with rear end trouble when my universal joint gave way causing me to have an accident."
"To avoid hitting the bumper of the car in front I struck the pedestrian."
"My car was legally parked as it backed into the other vehicle."
"An invisible car came out of nowhere, struck my car and vanished."
"I am sure the old fellow would never make it to the other side of the road when I struck him."
"The pedestrian had no idea which way to run, so I ran over him."
"I saw a slow-moving, sad faced old gentleman, as he bounced off the roof of my car."
"The indirect cause of the accident was a little guy in a small car with a big mouth."
Jon Snow: "In a sense, Deng Xiaoping's death was inevitable, wasn't it?"
Expert: "Er, yes."
(Channel 4 News)
"As Phil De Glanville said, each game is unique, and this one is no different to any other."
(John Sleightholme - BBC1)
"If England are going to win this match, they're going to have to score a goal."
(Jimmy Hill - BBC)
"Beethoven, Kurtag, Charles Ives, Debussy - four very different names."
(Presenter, BBC Proms, Radio 3)
"Cystitis is a living death, it really is.
Nobody ever talks about it, but if I was faced with a choice between having my arms removed and getting cystitis, I'd wave goodbye to my arms quite happily."
(Louise Wener (of Sleeper) in Q Magazine)
"Julian Dicks is everywhere.
It's like they've got eleven Dicks on the field."
(Metro Radio Sports Commentary)
Listener: "My most embarrassing moment was when my artificial leg fell off at the altar on my wedding day."
Simon Fanshawe: "How awful!
Do you still have an artificial leg?"
(Talk Radio)
Interviewer: "So did you see which train crashed into which train first?"
15-year-old: "No, they both ran into each other at the same time."
(BBC Radio 4)
Presenter (to palaeontologist): "So what would happen if you mated the woolly mammoth with, say, an elephant?"
Expert: "Well in the same way that a horse and a donkey produce a mule, we'd get a sort of half-mammoth."
Presenter: "So it'd be like some sort of hairy gorilla?"
Expert: "Er, well yes, but elephant shaped, and with tusks."
(GLR)
Kilroy-Silk: "Did you mean to get pregnant?"
Girl: "No.
It was a cock-up."
Grand National winning jockey Mick Fitzgerald: "Sex is an anti-climax after that!"
Desmond Lynam: "Well, you gave the horse a wonderful ride, everyone saw that."
(BBC)
Sports Quotes.
Senior Basketball player at University of Pittsburgh:
"I'm going to graduate on time, no matter how long it takes."
Football commentator and former player Joe Theisman 1996:
"Nobody in football should be called a genius.
A genius is a guy like Norman Einstein."
"I play football.
I'm not trying to be a professor.
The tests don't seem to make sense to me, measuring your brain on stuff I haven't been through in school."
Boxing promoter Dan Duva on Mike Tyson hooking up again with Don King:
"Why would anyone expect him to come out smarter?
He went to prison for three years, not Princeton."
Stu Grimson, Chicago Blackhawk's left wing, explaining why he keeps a color photo of himself above his locker:
"That's so when I forget how to spell my name, I can still find my #%@# clothes."
Shaquille O'Neal on whether he had visited the Parthenon during his visit to Greece:
"I can't really remember the names of the clubs that we went to."
Shaquille O'Neal, on his lack of championship wins:
"I've won at every level, except college and pro."
1982-Chuck Nevitt, North Carolina State basketball player, explaining to Coach Jim Valvano why he appeared nervous at practice:
"My sister's expecting a baby, and I don't know if I'm going to be an aunt or an uncle."
Overheard in Court.
The following are statements made during court cases.
Judge: I know you, don't I?
Defendant: Uh, yes.
Judge: All right, tell me, how do I know you?
Defendant: Judge, do I have to tell you?
Judge: Of course, you might be obstructing justice not to tell me.
Judge: The charge here is theft of frozen chickens.
Are you the defendant?
Defendant: No, sir, I'm the guy who stole the chickens.
Lawyer: How do you feel about defense attorneys?
Juror: I think they should all be drowned at birth.
Lawyer: Well, then, you are obviously biased for the prosecution.
Juror: That's not true.
I think prosecutors should be drowned at birth, too.
Lawyer questioning his client on the witness stand.
Plaintiff's Lawyer: What doctor treated you for the injuries you sustained while at work?
Plaintiff: Dr. J.
Plaintiff's Lawyer: And what kind of physician is Dr. J?
Plaintiff: Well, I'm not sure, but I remember that you said he was a good plaintiff's doctor.
Judge: Is there any reason you could not serve as a juror in this case?
Juror: I don't want to be away from my job that long.
Judge: Can't they do without you at work?
Juror: Yes, but I don't want them to know it.
Lawyer: Tell us about the fight.
Witness: I didn't see no fight.
Lawyer: Well, tell us what you did see.
Witness: I went to a dance at the Turner house, and as the men swung around and changed partners, they would slap each other, and one fellow hit harder than the other one liked, and so the other one hit back and somebody pulled a knife and someone else drew a six-shooter and another guy came up with a rifle that had been hidden under a bed, and the air was filled with yelling and smoke and bullets.
Lawyer: You, too, were shot in the fracas?
Witness: No, sir, I was shot midway between the fracas and the navel.
Defendant: Judge, I want you to appoint me another lawyer.
Judge: And why is that?
Defendant: Because the Public Defender isn't interested in my case.
Judge (to Public Defender): Do you have any comments on the defendant's motion?
Public Defender: I'm sorry, Your Honor.
I wasn't listening.
Judge: You are charged with habitual drunkenness.
Have you anything to say in your defense?
Defendant: Habitual thirstiness?
Judge: Please identify yourself for the record.
Defendant: Colonel Ebenezer Jackson.
Judge: What does the 'Colonel' stand for?
Defendant: Well, it's kinda like the 'Honorable' in front of your name.
Not a damn thing.
Will the Real Dummy Please Stand Up!
AT&T fired President John Walter after nine months, saying he lacked "intellectual leadership".
He received a $26 million severance package.
Perhaps it's not Walter who's lacking intelligence.
With a Little Help from Our Friends!
Police in Oakland, California spent two hours attempting to subdue a gunman who had barricaded himself inside his home.
After firing ten tear gas canisters, officers discovered that the man was standing beside them, shouting pleas to come out and give himself up.
What Was Plan B?
An Illinois man pretending to have a gun kidnapped a motorist and forced him to drive to two different automated teller machines.
The kidnapper then proceeded to withdraw money from his own bank accounts.
These Nitwits Are Teaching Our Children?
A 9-year-old boy in Manassas, Virginia received a one-day suspension under his elementary school's drug policy last week - for Certs!
Joey Hoeffer allegedly told a classmate that the mints would make him "jump higher."
A student in Belle, West Virginia was suspended for three days for giving a classmate a cough drop.
School principal Forest Mann reiterated the school's "zero-tolerance" policy...not to be confused with the "zero-intelligence" policy.
Some Days, It Just Doesn't Pay to Gnaw Through the Straps.
Fire investigators on Maui have determined the cause of a blaze that destroyed a $127,000 home last month - a short in the homeowner's newly installed fire prevention alarm system.
"This is even worse than last year," said the distraught homeowner, "when someone broke in and stole my new security system..."
For the Main Course.
A man in Taormina, Italy was hospitalized after swallowing 46 teaspoons, 2 cigarette lighters, and a pair of salad tongs.
The Getaway.
A man walked in to a Topeka, Kansas Kwik Shop, and asked for all the money in the cash drawer.
Apparently, the take was too small, so he tied up the store clerk and worked the counter himself for three hours until police showed up and grabbed him.
Do-It-Yourself Brain Surgery?
In Ohio, an unidentified man in his late twenties walked into a police station with a 9-inch wire protruding from his forehead and calmly asked officers to give him an X-ray to help him find his brain, which he claimed had been stolen.
Police were shocked to learn that the man had drilled a 6-inch deep hole in his skull with a Black & Decker power drill and had stuck the wire in to try and find the missing brain.
Have I Got a Deal for You!
More than 600 people in Italy wanted to ride in a spaceship badly enough to pay $10,000 apiece for the first tourist flight to Mars.
According to the Italian police, the would-be space travelers were told to spend their next vacation on Mars, amid the splendors of ruined temples and painted deserts.
Ride a Martian camel from oasis to oasis and enjoy the incredible Martian sunsets.
Explore mysterious canals and marvel at the views.
Trips to the moon also available.
Authorities believe that the con men running this scam made off with over six million dollars.
Too Well-Educated.
In Medford, Oregon, a 27-year-old jobless man with an MBA blamed his college degree for his murder of three people.
"There are too many business grads out there," he said.
"If I had chosen another field, all this may not have happened."
Did I Say That?
Police in Los Angeles had good luck with a robbery suspect who just couldn't control himself during a lineup.
When detectives asked each man in the lineup to repeat the words, "Give me all your money or I'll shoot," the man shouted, "That's not what I said!"
Ouch, That Smarts!
A bank robber in Virginia Beach got a nasty surprise when a dye pack designed to mark stolen money exploded in his Fruit-of-the-Looms.
The robber apparently stuffed the loot down the front of his pants as he was running out the door.
"He was seen hopping and jumping around," said police spokesman Mike Carey, "with an explosion taking place inside his pants."
Police have the man's charred trousers in custody.
Are We Not Communicating?
A man spoke frantically into the phone, "My wife is pregnant and her contractions are only two minutes apart!"
"Is this her first child?" the doctor asked.
"No, you idiot!" the man shouted.
"This is her husband!"
Not the Sharpest Knife in the Drawer!
In Modesto, CA, Steven Richard King was arrested for trying to hold up a Bank of America branch without a weapon.
King used a thumb and a finger to simulate a gun, but unfortunately, he failed to keep his hand in his pocket.
Hmmm...wonder what he uses for a knife?
From the Australian Bureau of Statistics.
3 Australians die each year testing if a 9V battery works on their tongue.
142 Australians were injured in 1998 by not removing all the pins from new shirts.
58 Australians are injured each year by using sharp knives instead of screwdrivers.
31 Australians have died since 1996 by watering their Christmas tree while the fairy lights were plugged in.
19 Australians have died in the last 3 years by eating Christmas decorations they believed were chocolate.
Hospitals reported 4 broken arms last year after cracker pulling incidents.
101 Australians since 1997 have had to have broken parts of plastic toys pulled out of the soles of their feet.
18 Australians had serious burns in 1998 trying on a new jumper with a lit cigarette in their mouth.
A massive 543 Australians were admitted to casualty in the last two years after opening bottles of beer with their teeth or eye socket.
5 Australians were injured last year in accidents involving out of control Scalextric cars.
And finally:
8 Australians cracked their skull in 1997 after falling asleep (passing out) while throwing up into the toilet.
Job Evaluations.
It has been claimed that the following are excepts from genuine job evaluations.
1.
I would not allow this employee to breed.
2.
This associate is really not so much of a has-been, but more definitely a won't be.
3.
Works well when under constant supervision and cornered like a rat in a trap.
4.
When she opens her mouth, it seems it is only to change whichever foot was previously there.
5.
He would be out of his depth in a parking lot puddle.
6.
This young lady has delusions of adequacy.
7.
He sets low personal standards and then consistently fails to achieve them.
8.
This employee is depriving a village somewhere of an idiot.
9.
This employee should go far and the sooner he starts, the better.
10.
Not the sharpest knife in the drawer.
11.
Got into the gene pool when the lifeguard wasn't watching.
12.
A room temperature IQ.
13.
Got a full 6-pack, but lacks the plastic thingy to hold it together.
14.
A gross ignoramus -- 144 times worse than an ordinary ignoramus.
15.
A photographic memory but with the lens cover glued on.
16.
A prime candidate for natural deselection.
17.
Bright as Alaska in December.
18.
One-celled organisms outscore him in IQ tests.
19.
Donated his brain to science before he was done using it.
20.
Fell out of the family tree.
21.
Gates are down, lights are flashing, but the train isn't coming.
22.
Has two brains: one is lost; the other is out looking for it.
23.
He's so dense, light bends around him.
24.
If brains were taxed, she'd get a refund.
25.
If he were any more stupid, he'd have to be watered twice a week.
26.
If you give him a penny for his thoughts, you'll get change.
27.
If you stand close enough to him, you can hear the ocean.
28.
It's hard to believe he beat out 1,000,000 other sperm.
29.
One neuron short of a synapse.
30.
Some drink from the fountain of knowledge, he only gargled.
31.
Takes him an hour and a half to watch 60 Minutes.
32.
Wheel is turning, but the hamster is dead.
33.
Since my last report, this employee has reached rock bottom and has started to dig.
34.
His men would follow him anywhere, but only out of morbid curiosity.
Learning About Australia.
Here are some of the classic questions that were actually asked of the Sydney Olympic Committee via their Web site, and the Aussie answers that go with them.
Q: Does it ever get windy in Australia?
I have never seen it rain on TV, so how do the plants grow?
(UK)
A: Upwards, out of the ground, like the person who asked this question, who themselves will need watering if their IQ drops any lower.
Q: Will I be able to see kangaroos in the street?
(USA)
A: Depends on how much beer you've consumed.
Q: Which direction should I drive -- Perth to Darwin or Darwin to Perth - to avoid driving with the sun in my eyes?
(Germany)
A: Excellent question, considering that the Olympics are being held in Sydney.
Q: I want to walk from Perth to Sydney -- can I follow the railroad tracks?
(Sweden)
A: Sure, its' only three thousand miles, so you'll need to have started about a year ago to get there in time for this October.
Q: Is it safe to run around in the bushes in Australia?
(Sweden)
A: And accomplish what?
Q: It is imperative that I find the names and addresses of places to contact for a stuffed porpoise.
(Italy)
A: I'm not touching this one.
Q: Do you have perfume in Australia?
(France)
A: No.
Everybody stinks.
Q: Are there killer bees in Australia?
(Germany)
A: Not yet, but we'll see what we can do when you get here.
Q: Can you give me some information about hippo racing in Australia?
(USA)
A: What's this guy smoking, and where do I get some?
Q: Are there supermarkets in Sydney and is milk available all year round?
(Germany)
A: Another blonde?
Q: Please send a list of all doctors in Australia who can dispense rattlesnake serum.
(USA)
A: I love this one...there are no rattlesnakes in Australia.
Q: Which direction is North in Australia?
(USA)
A: Face North and you should be about right.
Q: Can you send me the Vienna Boys' Choir schedule?
(USA)
A: Americans have long had considerable trouble distinguishing between Austria and Australia.
Q: Will I be able to speek English most places I go?
(USA)
A: Yes, but you'll have to learn it first.
Life is a Test and You are Graded on a Curve.
At age 4, success is... not peeing in your pants.
At age 12, success is... having friends.
At age 16, success is... having a driver's license.
At age 20, success is... having sex.
At age 35, success is... having money.
At age 50, success is... having money.
At age 60, success is... having sex.
At age 70, success is... having a driver's license.
At age 75, success is... having friends.
At age 80, success is... not peeing in your pants.
Your NIKE iD order was cancelled for one or more of the following reasons:
1) Your Personal iD contains another party's trademark or other intellectual property.
2) Your Personal iD contains the name of an athlete or team we do not have the legal right to use.
3) Your Personal iD was left blank.
Did you not want any personalization?
4) Your Personal iD contains profanity or inappropriate slang, and besides, your mother would slap us.
If you wish to reorder your NIKE iD product with a new personalization please visit us again.
The Toddler Diet.
If your diet isn't working out, try eating the way a toddler does.
DAY ONE.
Breakfast - One scrambled egg, one piece of toast with grape jelly.
Eat 2 bites of egg, using your fingers; dump the rest on the floor.
Take 1 bite of toast, then smear the jelly over your face and clothes.
Lunch - Four crayons (any color), a handful of potato chips, and a glass of milk (3 sips only, then spill the rest).
Dinner - A dry stick, two pennies and a nickel, 4 sips of stale beer.
Bedtime Snack - Toast piece of bread and toss it on the kitchen floor.
DAY TWO.
Breakfast - Pick up stale toast from kitchen floor and eat it.
Drink half bottle of vanilla extract or one vial of vegetable dye.
Lunch - Half a tube of "Pulsating Pink" lipstick and a cigarette (to be eaten, not smoked).
One ice cube, if desired.
Afternoon Snack - Lick an all-day sucker until sticky, take outside, drop in dirt.
Retrieve and continue slurping until it is clean again.
Then bring inside and drop on the rug.
Dinner - A rock or an uncooked bean, which should be thrust up your left nostril.
Pour iced tea over mashed potatoes; eat with a spoon.
DAY THREE.
Breakfast - Two pancakes with plenty of syrup, eat with fingers, rub in hair.
Glass of milk: drink half, stuff pancakes in glass.
After breakfast, pick up yesterday's sucker from rug, lick off fuzz, and put it on the cushion of your best chair.
Lunch - Three matches, peanutbutter and jelly sandwich.
Spit several bites onto the floor.
Pour glass of milk on table and slurp up.
Dinner - Dish of ice cream, handful of potato chips, some wine, coffee.
FINAL DAY.
Breakfast - A quarter-tube of toothpaste (any flavor), bit of soap, an olive.
Pour a glass of milk over bowl of cornflakes, add a half-cup of sugar.
Once cereal is soggy, drink milk and feed cereal to dog.
Lunch - Eat crumbs off kitchen floor and dining room carpet.
Find that sucker and finish eating it.
Dinner - A glass of spaghetti and chocolate milk.
Leave meatball on plate.
Stick of mascara for dessert.
Questions about Love, Marriage, and Sex.
These questions were posed to kids ages 5 to 10.
Their answers are enlightening.
WHAT IS THE PROPER AGE TO GET MARRIED??
"Eighty-four!
Because at that age, you don't have to work anymore, and you can spend all your time loving each other in your bedroom."
(Judy, 8)
"Once I'm done with kindergarten, I'm going to find me a wife!"
(Tom, 5)
WHAT DO MOST PEOPLE DO ON A DATE??
"On the first date, they just tell each other lies, and that usually gets them interested enough to go for a second date."
(Mike, 10)
WHEN IS IT OKAY TO KISS SOMEONE??
"You should never kiss a girl unless you have enough bucks to buy her a big ring and her own VCR, 'cause she'll want to have videos of the wedding."
(Jim, 10)
"Never kiss in front of other people.
It's a big embarrassing thing if anybody sees you.
But if nobody sees you, I might be willing to try it with a handsome boy, but just for a few hours."
(Kally, 9)
THE GREAT DEBATE: IS IT BETTER TO BE SINGLE OR MARRIED??
"It's better for girls to be single but not for boys.
Boys need somebody to clean up after them!"
(Lynette, 9)
"It gives me a headache to think about that stuff.
I'm just a kid.
I don't need that kind of trouble."
(Kenny, 7)
CONCERNING WHY LOVE HAPPENS BETWEEN TWO PARTICULAR PEOPLE
"No one is sure why it happens, but I heard it has something to do with how you smell.
That's why perfume and deodorant are so popular."
(Jan, 9)
"I think you're supposed to get shot with an arrow or something, but the rest of it isn't supposed to be so painful."
(Harlen, 8)
ON WHAT FALLING IN LOVE IS LIKE
"Like an avalanche where you have to run for your life."
(Roger, 9)
"If falling in love is anything like learning how to spell, I don't want to do it.
It takes too long."
(Leo, 7)
ON THE ROLE OF GOOD LOOKS IN LOVE
"If you want to be loved by somebody who isn't already in your family, it doesn't hurt to be beautiful."
(Jeanne, 8)
"It isn't always just how you look.
Look at me.
I'm handsome like anything and I haven't got anybody to marry me yet."
(Gary, 7)
"Beauty is skin deep.
But how rich you are can last a long time."
(Christine, 9)
CONCERNING WHY LOVERS OFTEN HOLD HANDS
"They want to make sure their rings don't fall off because they paid good money for them."
CONFIDENTIAL OPINIONS ABOUT LOVE
"I'm in favor of love as long as it doesn't happen when 'The Simpsons' is on television."
(Anita, 6)
"Love will find you, even if you are trying to hide from it.
I have been trying to hide from it since I was five, but the girls keep finding me."
(Bobby, 8)
"I'm not rushing into being in love.
I'm finding fourth grade hard enough."
(Regina, 10)
THE PERSONAL QUALITIES NECESSARY TO BE A GOOD LOVER
"One of you should know how to write a check.
Because, even if you have tons of love, there is still going to be a lot of bills."
(Ava, 8)
SOME SUREFIRE WAYS TO MAKE A PERSON FALL IN LOVE WITH YOU
"Tell them that you own a whole bunch of candy stores."
(Del, 6)
"Don't do things like have smelly, green sneakers.
You might get attention, but attention ain't the same thing as love."
(Alonzo, 9)
"One way is to take the girl out to eat.
Make sure it's something she likes to eat.
French fries usually works for me."
(Bart, 9)
HOW CAN YOU TELL IF TWO ADULTS EATING DINNER AT A RESTAURANT ARE IN LOVE?
"Just see if the man picks up the check.
That's how you can tell if he's in love."
(John, 9)
"Lovers will just be staring at each other and their food will get cold.
Other people care more about the food."
(Brad, 8)
"It's love if they order one of those desserts that are on fire.
They like to order those because it's just like how their hearts are...on fire."
(Christine, 9)
WHAT MOST PEOPLE ARE THINKING WHEN THEY SAY "I LOVE YOU"
"The person is thinking: Yeah, I really do love him.
But I hope he showers at least once a day."
(Michelle, 9)
HOW A PERSON LEARNS TO KISS
"You learn it right on the spot when the gooshy feelings get the best of you."
(Doug, 7)
"It might help to watch soap operas all day."
(Carin, 9)
WHEN IS IT OKAY TO KISS SOMEONE?
"It's never okay to kiss a boy.
They always slobber all over you...That's why I stopped doing it."
HOW TO MAKE LOVE ENDURE
"Spend most of your time loving instead of going to work."
(Tom, 7)
"Don't forget your wife's name...That will mess up the love."
(Roger, 8)
"Be a good kisser.
It might make your wife forget that you never take out the trash."
(Randy, 8)
So sick of my best mate laughing at my virginity.
After joking about it for the 100th time.
I finally lost it with him!
My mate has a butler with a missing left arm, serves him right.
I think my local dry cleaners can repair my trousers, or at least sew its seams.
My girlfriend cried the day I proposed to her on an escalator.
It was moving.
My girlfriend kept going on about how much she loves drunken holiday sex.
Worst postcard ever!
Why cant hedgehogs just share the hedge?
I have a �50 note but its made of metal.
I think it may be forged.
Why dont Arctic foxes eat penguins?
Cos they cant get the wrappers off.
My friend had amnesia and couldnt remember how to walk up the stairs, So I had to go back and teach him step by step.
My wife accused me of having an affair with a girl from Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch.
How could she say that?
My mate told me that his wife could do with losing a few pounds.
So I mugged her.
She sells sea shells by the sea shore.
Surely thats the worst possible place to try and sell shells.
I used to be a tap dancer, but I kept falling in the sink.
I've been revising for a practical exam on pest control.
I was up all night swatting.
My grandfather was a baker for the army.
When he went to war, he went in all buns glazing.
I couldnt decide wether or not to sell my bed.
So I slept on it.
Man: Doctor Doctor I keep thinking I'm a wigwam and a tepee.
How do you make a Venetian blind?
Poke him in the eye.
I love my alarm clock.
It's the reason I get up in the morning.
I cannot help being lazy.
It walks in the family.
I was gonna throw all of my socks in the bin, but I got cold feet.
A man walks into a bar wearing a tie fastener.
The barman says, Sorry, we dont like your tie-pin here.
Why was the mortgage sad?
Because it was a loan.
My dad just came first in a drag race.
I had no idea a man could run so fast in a cocktail dress and high heels!
What do you call a penguin in the desert?
Lost.
Weighing an elephant is just like weighing a human, but on a much bigger scale.
i’ve decided to marry a pencil,I cant wait to introduce my parents to my bride 2B.
I rang the council to ask if I could have a skip outside my house.
They said that I can cartwheel down the street for all they care.
At school we discussed the great rulers.
I opted for the Helix 30cm shatterproof.
How do you make a sausage roll?
Push it down a hill.
My mate dug a hole in the garden and filled it with water.
I think he meant well.
My wife reckoned she could sing more football terrace songs than me.
But I beat her easily.
She had no chants.
How did the prawn meet his girlfriend?
On the net.
If I make you breakfast in bed, A simple Thank you is all I need.
Not all this Who are you and what are you doing in my house?
Nonsense.
Police are looking for a mugger who threatens his victims with a lit match.
They need to catch him before he strikes again.
My best mate was a hairdresser.
He passed away recently, but at least he died doing what he loved.Dying.
I’ve just bought a border collie.
The one I already had wasnt bored enough.
This guy just had a go at me for scratching his CD, so I ripped him a new one!
Some guy just came to the door saying he was collecting for the local childrens home, so I gave him my kids.
I’ve just seen the new Batman trailer.
I prefer the Batmobile.
I’ve decided to stop wearing glasses.
Cos it makes me look harder.
When I'm in America I drive on the right side of the road, which is of course the left.
I'm against public protests, but I dont know how to show it.
Wanna hear a knock-knock joke?
Okay, Two guys walk into a bar.
The word Gnba really makes me angry.
It's bang out of order!
My last wish with the genie was either for a brilliant memory or a huge penis.
I forgot which one I chose.
When I found out that my toaster wasnt waterproof.
I was shocked!
I used to earn a living doing backing vocals.
I can still remember the words This vehicle is reversing.
A Priest and a Rabbi walk into a bar.
The bartender looks at them and says Is this some kind of joke?
I come from a long line of Conga dancers.
My sister just had a baby boy, theyve decided to call him Mark, but with a C. Cark
To Err is Human, to Arrr is Pirate!
Do you ever get half way through eating a horse and you realise you werent as hungry as you thought?
I don't know why I bought this new coconut shampoo.
I haven't even got any coconuts.
I called up a takeaway and said do you deliver They said No, we do lamb, chicken or fish
Whos in charge of the hankies?
The handkerchief.
A nose walks into a bar.
The barman says Sorry sir but I can't serve you.
You're clearly off your face.
I'm currently writing a mystery novel.
Or am I?
My local Balti house has a wardrobe that leads to a magical land.
Naania.
I'm in a heavy metal band.
I play lead.
My mate is a professional jester, but hes currently out of work.
He's nobodys fool!
On holiday with my wife and I cannot believe how tiny and revealing her bikini is.
The colour suits me though.
A contestant just accused me of being an unfair gameshow host.
Point taken!
Two inmates escaped from prison, one is 69 the other is 34.
Police are hunting high and low.
I just stole a guys wallet and he chased me for almost three miles.
I gave him a good run for his money.
What do you call a girl who sets fire to her credit card statements?
Bernadette.
I just finished my degree in ballet.
I got a 2:2.
I went to the library and asked if they had any books on kittens.
The librarian replied No sorry, all of our books are on shelves.
Why does a flamingo lift up one leg?
Because if it lifted both it would fall over.
I left my girlfriend because she wouldnt stop counting.
I wonder what shes up to now?.
The last time I saw my sister was at an Oasis concert.
I was standing in the croud shouting Go Oasis Go!
I haven't seen her since.
A man had 33 bulls and 33 cows Each pair had a calf.
He thought he now had 99 cattle, but he had 100.
When he rounded them up.
i’ve spent all day looking for my cat with one eye.
I should have used both eyes really.
I just got a hair cut.
Now I'm thinking about getting all the others cut too.
i’ve decided to take the day off today.
From now on it will simply be known as To
My wife accused me of having OCD.
I soon put her in her place.
Elvis Presley was clearly illiterate.
It's L for Las Vegas, Not V!
Wanna know what really makes my blood boil?
Crematoriums.
i’ve no idea why my new plug in air fresherner wont work.
I plug it in and switch it on.
Nothing!
It just doesnt make scents.
What do you use to make a walrus smooth?
Seal irons.
I said to the doctor Can you give me something for my liver?
So he gave me a pound of onions.
How do you make Anti-freeze?
Hide her blankets.
My wife and I were happy for 23 years.
Then we met.
It takes balls to be a transvestite.
Did you hear about the one legged sumo wrestler?
He was a total pushover.
My Dad lost his job at the cemetary after burying someone in the wrong hole.
Grave mistake!
So what if school doesnt teach us how to get a job or raise a family?
At least I know the whole periodic table of elements!
I just got the morning post and one envelope read Photographs Do Not Bend.
Liars!
I folded it in half really easily!
Once I get a few drinks inside me, I find there is one thing I cannot stand.
Up.
Me and my mates were at an Indian restaurant and some guys started throwing rice at us.
So we threw rice back at them.
We had a pilau fight.
I'm terrified of skipping ropes, bungees and trampolines.
They make me jump.
My ex wife was deaf, she left me for a deaf friend.
I should have seen the signs.
Not happy with my camping trip travel insurance.
Apparently If someone steals my tent in the night, Ill no longer be covered.
For my next trick, I will eat a musical instrument in a bread bap.
Drum roll please.
Two naked oiled up women just burst in my house and started wrestling with my wife.
Luckily, I was able to knock one out.
Every time I try to pour a round of drinks it ends up all over the floor.
I think I need glasses.
I almost had a threesome last night.
I just needed two more people.
Waited in line for hours outside the club last night whilst the doorman checked IDs.
He was taking ages.
I before e except after c has been disproved by science.
My favorite exercise is a cross between a lunge and a crunch.
It's called a Lunch.
Today I have officially been sober for 100 days.
Not like, in a row or anything.
Just in total.
I'm so poor that i’ve been forced to eat my mates herb garden.
I'm living on borrowed thyme!
What do we want?
Another question!
When do we want it?
Thanks!
Sean Connery is 84 Roger Moore is 87 Pierce Brosnan is 61 Daniel Craig is 47Ooh yeah.
I'm really into Bond age.
I think my mate from the Greater Manchester area may be a transvestite.
He has a Wigan address.
I just read a book about Stockholm Syndrome.
It was pretty bad at first, but I ended up really liking it.
My son starts school on Monday and is so scared of being picked on.
I guess its my own fault for calling him Someoneyourownsize
So you're here for crap jokes?
Well check this one out!
One.
I have kleptomania, but its okay.
I'm taking something for it.
Right now I'm having amnesia and deja vu at the same time.
I think i’ve forgotten this before.
Just found a misspelled word in the dictionary.
What do I do?!?!
I considered atheism but there werent enough holidays.
If you see your friend Jack on an airplane, dont say Hi to him.
Whats the difference between a girlfriend and a wife?
45 pounds.
Did you hear about the paranoid dyslexic?
He thought he was following someone.
I wish school was as easy as half the girls that go there.
The reason I dont watch Jersey Shore is because I can watch talking carrots on VeggieTales.
I still miss my ex-girlfriend, but my aim is improving.
I wanted to lose weight so I went to the paint store.
I heard I could get thinner there.
Police were called to a daycare where a three-year-old was resisting a rest.
Need an ark to save two of every animal?
I noah guy.
I would take a bullet for anybody, unless it was shot out of a gun.
I'm sorry, did The middle of my sentence interrupt the beginning of yours?
A men tells his doctor Doc, help,I'm addicted to Twitter!
The doctor replies, sorry, I dont follow you.
Its always funny until someone gets hurt.
Then its hilarious.
What is it called when I pay people off not to call it bribery?
I learn from the mistake of others who take my advice.
I put off more things by 9:00am than most people do all day.
People can be so full of crap.
They should consider a laxative.
Whyd The blonde get fired from The M&M factory?
She threw away all The Ws.
If a man with no arms has a gun, is he armed?
Whats the other word for synonym?
Just saw a guy hairier than Chewbacca dipped in Rogaine.
I'm busier than a one-toothed man in a corn-on-the-cob eating contest.
Originality is The art of concealing your sources.
Marriage is not a word.
Its a sentence.
Follow your dreams, except for the one where your naked at work.
Got some new underwear today, well, to me.
I'm not a pessimist.
I have a B Negative blood type.
Want to save money on car insurance?
Flee the scene!
They need to change the national bird to Kentucky Fried Chicken.
Nothing makes me feel more in control then the shaking, panicking icons when I'm about to delete an app.
Cant find the bottom of my shoes.
Guess I have some sole searching to do.
Went to open mic night and it was just some dude talking about his life.
I'm throwing a party for people who have issues with orgasms.
Can you come?
Twilights like soccer.
They run around for two hours, nobody scores, and its billion fans claim you just dont understand.
Why do women live longer, peaceful lives?
Because they dont have a wife!
Girl: Do you know, why were females created before males?
Boy: Because God needed a rough funny draft before the final copy!
Do you know when you are in hospital, your friends ask: Hi, how are you dear?
But your best friends ask: Hey buddy, how is the nurse?
My girlfriend thinks I'm a workaholic, to prove her wrong, I only worked a double shift on the weekends instead of a triple.
Inverted sit-ups is just a fancy name for lay-downs.
I can only do one.
But I can hold it for a long time.
I wish there was a cereal with human shaped things to eat, then I could be a cereal killer.
If a deaf person swears, does their mom wash their hands with soap?
My best friend ran off to become a mime, I havent heard from him since.
The biggest problem with using the Internet is you never know if its reliable or not.
Abraham Lincoln.
I was just awarded a trophy for laziness.
All I need now is for someone to accept it on my behalf.
The first person who pulled an egg out from under a chickens butt and ate it must have been really freaking hungry.
Teachers know when you are texting.
I mean, are you really looking at your crotch and smiling?
If there was a hero that saved people from awkward conversations, hed be more popular than Superman.
I'm on a diet where I eat everything and hope for a miracle.
Bad decisions=good stories.
My favorite outdoor activity is going back inside.
Baby: What you can sleep like if you dont have one.
I saw a transvestite wearing a shirt that said guess.
How fast does a Zebra have to run before it looks grey?
I have a time machine.
But it only goes forward at a regular speed.
Whale watching is very similar to watching disappointed people on a boat.
Home: A mobile home with a flat tire.
Renamed the router, Hide Your Kids, Hide Your Wi-Fi.
They should make a Rosetta Stone for men to understand women.
Be there in 5 minutes, if not, read this again.
I think the most unrealistic thing about Harry Potter is the fact a Ginger had two friends.
When I see people in camouflage I bump into them and say Whoa, sorry I didnt see you there.
My math professor staples Burger King applications to failed tests.
Girls, if a guy pauses a video game to text you back, marry him.
Are straight and gay pirates after the same booty?
I'm going to make an ice cream name Genetics so then people have an excuse to be so fat.
I'm going to make a shirt for fat people that says I beat anorexia.
Why did the phone wear glasses?
He lost his contacts.
I see a striking resemblance between Justin Bieber and Elton John.
I hate Lays for selling me air in a bag with a little bit of chips.
Back in my day, we had NINE planets.
Respect your parents.
They did school without google or Wikipedia.
Whyd the idiots at Microsoft buy Skype for over $10 million dollars when they can download it for free?
I think the worst part about being an Asian is trying to tell whether you blinked in a picture or not.
Tickling: Like being raped, but youre forced to laugh.
When MW3 was released in Iraq, they called it Sims.
I think Emos just like the way their hair smells.
Fighting for peace is like having sex for virginity.
LOOK LEFT ---------------------------- fail.
Study: The act of watching TV, texting and eating with an open textbook nearby.
I wish Google Maps had an Avoid the Ghetto routing option.
I wanna throw a party with fake alcohol and see how many people act wasted.
Those laxative commercials seem to go right through me.
Sick of being so tired?
Well theres a nap for that.
I was reading The History of Glue last night--I couldnt put it down.
I wish my only problem in life was fighting over how many millions of dollars I make.
Lockout.
That moment where youre trying to work but a bunch of YouTube videos keep popping up.
I wont jump in front of a bullet for anyone.
Because if I have time to jump in front, you have time to move.
I'm quitting eating these Thanksgiving leftovers; cold turkey.
I would be the funniest man alive if I had no morality.
Him: Youre sexy!
Her: And I Know it!
Him: LMFAO, good one!
Ambition is a poor excuse for not having enough sense to be lazy.
I’ve got a friend whose butler is missing his left arm--serves him right.
I bought a Christmas tree today.
The guy asked me if I was going to put it up myself.
I said no, Ill probably put it in the front room.
People who say Give it 100% havent ever donated blood, have they?
It really bugs me that OCD isnt alphabetized.
The mail has became so slow that the seeds I ordered arrived in full bloom.
My familys new television has parental control.
I'm gonna use it to get my mom to make me a sandwich.
Note to thieves: Steal from a thug, chances are his PIN's are one of three 4-letter swear words.
I watch pom.
You misread that, didnt you?
Modern Warfare 3: The ultimate form of birth control.
TEACHER: Now, Simon, tell me frankly, do you say prayers before eating?
SIMON: No sir, I dont have to, my Mum is a good cook.
Recent Sperm Bank Review: I love coming here.
Going to mcdonalds for a Salad is like going to a hooker for a hug.
Halloween: the only day you can get away with killing someone and leaving them on the front porch.
We went from playing doctor as kids to airport security as teenagers.
Humpty Dumpty died a crack head.
Deja Moo--Feeling like youve heard this Bull Crap before.
Just saw a blonde driving a smart car.
I could make a joke out of this.
A thing to ponder: if the Pope uses the restroom, is it a holy crap?
Marriage is like game of poker.
You start with pair and end with full house.
If prisoners get arrested, where do they go?
Just ordered a load of bubble wrap off eBay today.
Just to see what it gets delivered in.
Cleavage - Its like the sun.
Its okay to look, but dangerous to stare.
I think it is time I tell you what people are saying behind your back!
Nice Butt.
Funny Laws-Alaska: persons may not live in a trailer as it is being hiked across the city.
Funny Laws-Alaska: it is considered an offense to push a moose out of an airplane.
Q. Where do you find a one legged dog?
A. Where you left it.
Help keep America beautiful.
Stay in your house!
Virginity is like a bubble, one prick and its gone.
I never win at Scrable.
I'm sick of people lying to me.
I asked three people what time it was and they all said something different.
The only regret I would have if I died in my sleep was going to bed.
What is a common illness for Judges to have?
Motion sickness.
Are Pi shops open 22/7?
The technology of this weed-whacker is cutting hedge!
Women shouldnt have children after thirty.
Because, really, thirty children should be enough.
I dont know what all this planking business is about, I just know Snoopy started it.
Where do women use the restroom?
All I ever see on the bathroom signs are men and Scottish men.
Giraffes are the cockiest beings i’ve ever met, do you know how long it takes for them to swallow their pride?
I just want people to accept who I pretend I am.
Why are hurricanes names after women?
Because at first they are wet and wild, then take your home and cars away.
I love you.
I love other words, too.
Just past my English exam.
The only plastic surgery Ill ever give my wife is cutting up her credit cards.
Super Bowl: 30 second clips of men running in between commercials.
All trail mix is is deconstructed candy bars.
Women say we men have it easy because we havent experienced childbirth.
How the heck do they think we got here?
My girlfriend called me to break up with me because I dont understand the simplest concepts--I saidHang on, howd you get in my phone?
Word to the Women: It aint the clothes that make you fat.
My girlfriend left me cause shes sick of me quoting her all the time.
Tired apostrophes risk falling into a comma.
My smart phone doesnt work.
I push home and I'm still at work.
I hate helping people.
I think Ill get a job at Apple.
Id rather have a dry sense of humor than slobber everywhere.
When I was born I was so smart I got my parents to feed me and dress me and carry me around with them all day.
Auto-correct can kiss my big fat hairy ask!
I always go off topic in middle of the Mediterranean where I had a lovely time.
Twinkle twinkle little slut, close your legs you filthy mutt.
I say the right things, to the wrong people.
I live life like how I type.
Fast with a lot of mistakes that I'm too lazy to fix.
I Have faith in fools.
In my friends cases, they call it self-confidence.
Making another Facebook account with the name Nobody Actually to mess with peoples heads when I like their statuses.
I think shooting for the stars is a waste of ammunition.
Life gets easier when youre part of the problem.
I fell in love at first sight.
I probably should have looked twice.
I'm green.
I use iPhone apps in my iPad to save pixels.
