Then I imagined a church there.
Not nice and not spacious.
Institute of International Relations and University of the Humanities = diploma in underground passage.
That's why the longing?
And fresh air, clean water, healthy food.
There is a suspicion that my cat is drinking.
Left yesterday, came in this morning, threw up on the floor, drank some water, and went to bed.
- I go all day today and think, think, think...
- What, have you already learned to do that?
The father had 3 sons: the eldest, the secondary and the secondary unfinished.
Is this like the conscience of the nation?
If this is the case, then the nation is seriously ill.. well, or the one who raised them to authority is ill.
Putin is sitting in the office, let him think about going to the barbecue at the dacha of prigash, called everyone, gathered, went to the store for a snack, and there was not enough money on the cash register.
You notice a lack of money much earlier than a lack of intelligence.
Urgently sell 2 tickets to the Puppet Theater for tomorrow Sunday 28.09.08 at 13: 30.
Performance "Nursery Rhymes" price 300 rubles for two tickets.
This was the case when registering the car.
They solved the problem...
And then they will solve it - if the people are outraged.
Moscow, Sheremetyevo Airport, summer 2043.
Thirty years...
Snowden recalled, watching the plane fly away.
I would have given up immediately - just today I would have been released...
Two blondes are talking: - What is a "mortgage"?
- A whore.
- What makes you think that?
- Everyone I know are fucked by her.
Mikhalkov collects a tax on the import of blanks.
I know what they'll call him if he collects a tax on imported condoms.
Whatever tax you collect, he's already been called a gadon.
What is super (hyper)do you prefer the market if you take into account the large selection of products and affordable prices for the student?
Well, when Prokhorov was called, he thought for a long time if anything, even asked the opinion of all people.
well, let's say.
And where is the mention of the hospital?
Which one will they assign it to?
It was decided to rename the Bank Kaspiysky to Kaspi-bank, because the original name of the patter read like a bank with a pussy.
- You're not Michael Jackson, are you?
- No, why?
- You don't look well.
Bandera's gorilka confirms the theory of historical materialism, according to which an intermediate stage - alcoholism-is inevitable between socialism and communism.
Who got up earlier - that and sneakers.
It takes on a tragic meaning-when, before going to work, it suddenly turns out that your boots have already gone to school.
In Europe, an idea is developing that is not comparable to communism.
I love girls with big breasts.
When you hug them, you feel that there really is something between you.
Anyone interested can throw off a link to a similar Ukrainian.
The products and design are similar.
Time is limited.
So now you need 7 referees for the match?
So of course there are so many blunders in judging
In Europe, all films are shown in English.
I wish we could do that.
Quickly, everyone would have pumped their knowledge, and the motivation to learn the language would have appeared immediately.
Tsekhovik Poroshenko: - Comrade Metropolitan, if I bequeath all my money to the Pokrovsky Order of Lenin Cathedral of the Central Committee of the CPSU and die, then I will definitely go to heaven?
Patriarch Pimen: - You know, my son Peter, I can't give you a guarantee, but I think it's worth a try!
If sitcoms use voice-over laughter, why don't soap operas use voice-over crying?
Some, perhaps, do not disdain masturbation, inspired by it.
You should not ask a Man to enter into Your Position-He will not be able to...
simply because what is an Entrance for him is an Exit for you.
Two lions are talking in the savanna: - How tired of these new Russians!
They drive jeeps, make noise, swear, get drunk.
- Yes, and then the cell phone in my stomach rings all day.
About modern slang.
When an official caught on a bribe shouts I was framed!!!
Throw a coin-heads-tails, throw two coins-measure the distance between them.
Gold bullets were extracted from the body of the victim.
Gold shell casings were found at the crime scene.
The investigator immediately took the Chechen trail: they fired from a golden pistol.
the founding fathers muttered.
Mother-a brothel ... guessed Stirlitz.
From other manufacturers, the buttons do not fit , and it is not very convenient to wash off without a button
Our oligarchs are used to paying for their financial losses out of the people's own pocket.
They say it was made by loggers with a chainsaw.
Can you remember at least approximately how you got to this sign?
In the train, the conductor goes through the compartment and shouts: - Who's on harkiv?!
And I, perhaps, will come I like the atmosphere of Thursdays and these positive people.
The boy comes from school and complains: Dad, why does everyone say that I am not attentive?
Boy, you got it already, you live in the next doorway!!!
We were sick less often as children than our children are now.
I wonder what was therapeutic: tar from trees, green apricots, tar or sour ants' asses?
A man and a woman are like two shoes of the same pair, only it often happens that both are either left or right.
The teacher in the lesson explains the division to the children.
I wrote 2:2 on the board and asked: "Children, who knows what that means?
- Draw! - suggests from the back of the desk Vovochka.
The Moscow Mayor's Office is ready to legalize prostitution, provided that each prostitute reconstructs her own section of the Leningrad highway.
Here the author will prick about some lionfish when feeding and immediately understand everything.
Vote for Yabloko, if they get at least 3% of the votes, they will not have to pay for free airs.
So they may need your vote, too.
Ap ap ap super phone here the Chinese give nadozhe to come up with such an invention and even invent it qualitatively as the original ap I liked it
Who is this?!
It's not me!!!
It's all very strange!
And the dog is cute....
From our country, birds fly away in the fall to warmer climes.
Following this logic, we can assume that in the spring, asphalt flies away to cold regions.
Checking it out.
We're going to Finland.
Precisely!
He's there.
This woman was so scary, well, so scary, that when she sent her picture on the soap, this soap was blocked by the antivirus.
I had never met Ksenia Sobchak and only met her when she invited me to head the staff.
I was invited by a friend of mine to have dinner with her, and she made me this offer.
Stavr after him here tore his vest on his belly, that 3-D printers were only discovered in the last decade, and not 70 years ago.
Advertising: The end of the world is near!
Repent and buy night vision devices!
What pants, there from under the loincloth so everything falls out.
So am I.
Watching, so to speak, the surrounding pregnant women, their two births...
In the words of these feelings have not translated yet.
And you need to kiss and hug.
More-they are no longer afraid.
But I can't do that.
If I am asked what is the difference between a resistor and a transformer, I will smile idiotically for a long time.
I still remember when the victories of socialism were compared to 1913, and not to Chernobyl.
Woman: Man, are you by any chance a gynecologist?
Man: No, but I can see it.
One computer scientist tells another: - Imagine, yesterday I get home from work a little earlier than usual, and my wife has a strange man in bed.
And they both have sly eyes-sly eyes...
I immediately suspected something was wrong, rushed to the computer, tried to go online, and they, bitches, changed the password...
We need to break up.
Look, it's not about you...
It's just that I don't have to be there for you.
There must be an asshole who will put up with all your weird antics.
"Where are your breasts?"
"You scared them off."
When you break someone's heart, you know they have other organs.
If I were a princess, my castle would be a distillery.
You can spend the best years of your life on me, but it'll be like a present for my birthday.
All people are duplicitous.
The first person is kind, sincere, and sympathetic.
The second one appears when the first one is abused.
And in general, everything was long ago and not true!...
Excuse me, are you sure you're our new history teacher?
Male logic: if I find out , I'll kill you.
Women's logic: for the life of me, I'll find out...
A dappled horse and a dappled goose are two fundamentally different destinies!
Today Tanya ws on a cleanse, so she came to McDonald's on foot.
If you think someone gives a fuck — you're wrong, buddy.
Remember once and for all: nobody gives a fuck.
Absolutely.
Do whatever you want.
Nobody gives a fuck.
I bought a cat cat shoes.
I couldn't resist, with great pleasure I peed there right in the store.
Carefree childhood: from the age of three to eight, children have more nightmares than adults in their entire lives.
It's scary when an idiot has an inquisitive mind.
My life is like doing yoga: ass is always somewhere near.
The girls say that when you cry, everything gets better somehow.
I cried, and the work has no progress.
What am I doing wrong?
We will not meet again...
What, the cockroaches in your head voted against me?
I bought a shampoo "without tears", soaped up, but I still cry.
Sleep, my sweet, sleep!
Bend your legs behind your neck, Cover your ears with your heels, What?
Uncomfortable, dear?
All good things comes to -Monday.
"There was a grasshopper in the grass" for the intercom: 4949455 5959544 4949455 595954 42 222 21 111 1124544 42 222 21 111 112454.
It would be better if the people's deputies were responsible not for their pre-election words, but for their post-election deeds.
I hate leaving the theater after a great movie.
I don't need this gray life.
I want to stay there.
Forever.
It's not as scary to become a grandfather as it is to sleep with your grandmother.
If "Ice Age" was not a cartoon, but a movie, then the role of the Rat-squirrel would be perfectly played by DiCaprio, and the role of the acorn - an Oscar statuette.
I haven't met any normal people in 19 years.
How to take a picture in the garden, so that everyone thinks that I'm at the sea?
Don't hold on to what goes away, and don't push away what comes.
And then happiness will find you.
Once the wise man was asked: Are you a wise man?
To which the wise man replied: Yes, I am a wise man.
Dear friends and all those who wished me happiness, love and good luck in 2015.
I hasten to inform you-nothing has been fulfilled!
I've declared war on my fat!
I see, while you are only taking him prisoner ?!
If God wanted me to go to uni, would he have made the weather so bad and the bed so soft?
I went dating...all sneakers are covered in lipstick.
Every person who smokes has a person with whom he does not smoke.
Dad, is it true that in the east, the groom finds out who his bride is only after the wedding?
It's in any country, son.
Shaggy from Scooby-Doo is an exact copy of me.
Always a coward and always hungry.
It is not necessary to touch this, he is with Masha, a brave man can be seen.
Today I was driving on the highway at a speed of 4 km/h.
In Donetsk, the soldiers of the special forces "Berkut" refused to follow orders from Kiev.
Having gone with strangers to shish kebabs, Julia did not immediately understand why she did not throw off.
The collection of election promises of "United Russia" won the literary contest "Russian Fiction 2012" by a large margin.
A pharmacist with 20 years of experience, during a tour of Egypt, accidentally deciphered the cuneiform script of the 26th century BC.
If you had a choice - world peace or such prosperity as Bill Gates, what color would your lamborghini be?
I've gotten better at using comparative degrees.
"To succeed, you need to stand out." (c) Saliva
A real Muscovite has to do three things: take a one-night stand on a mortgage, buy uggs, and forget which city he came from.
All my relationships end for two reasons: 1.
She's a whore.
2.
I'm a whore.
Babies in a military maternity hospital, before yelling, ask for permission to apply.
Yes, yes.
I'm the stupid man at the ATM, standing in front of you.
We live on earth, and the prices are cosmic.
Everyone works according to the Robinson Crusoe method-waiting for Friday!
A person can become close to you in three days.
And someone who has lived next to you for years may never know what your favorite color is.
A man's tongue is small, and how many lives it has broken.
Such a big boy and crying.
Ay-ay-ay, shame on you ...
Bartender, fuck off.
"As soon as I get home, I'll go straight to bed."
I took my love 3 months to the gym, so she now beats me with those bras that are now too big for her.
Well,Jesus, what?
The minute has gone!
We are all in a love fuss...
We love the wrong people, and the wrong people love us...
The most important thing in a conversation is to nod your head.
No one will guess that you don't give a fuck.
The Bible doesn't say anything about years of tracking a stranger's personal life through social media.
Here are all these people who wake up at 6 am on weekends, go cycling, go on picnics, etc.
What kind of drugs do you take?
I can barely get out of bed even after dinner.
You probably think that spilling salt is unfortunate.
People who happen to throw a kilo of cocaine down the toilet in a panic assume that you don't know anything about misfortune.
Come on, let's dance, come out!
No, Santa Claus, no, Santa Claus, no, Santa Claus.. no leg.
Once upon a time there was a little boy.
Then he grew up, left his parents, got a job, got married...
Damn, it sucks with me with happy endings after all...
A drunk woman is an unpredictable hurricane!
Here she is drinking, and here she is dancing, crying over a stray cat, stealing flowers from a flower bed...
Oh, my God, how I hate these skinny stupid bitches who want to "lose a couple of extra pounds".
YOU FUCKING WALK AROUND WITH YOUR BONES RATTLING, YOU HAVE NOTHING TO THROW OFF.
A real lady can behave so openly as no whore has ever dreamed of.
How great it is to get out of the house 20 minutes earlier every morning and go 2 stops back, so that you can go all the way, damn, sitting in a crowded minibus!!
Let's sit somewhere in the evening?
Only if on the Internet.
Do you think your life is shit?
Go to the orphanage.
In a house where thousands of eyes will look at you, who are not guilty of anything and would be happy to have at least 10% of what you have.
I'm a wizard!
Avada kedavra!
Avada kedavra!
For fuck's sake!
Take away the crowbar from Petrovich!
Hurry up!
All the programs on the TV were marked by age.
And now children know exactly which programs are the most interesting.
The best people in my life have always been the ones you think about when you first meet them: fuck it, what kind of crazy person is this?
Everyone probably had a story from their childhood, how they confused vodka with water.
The less people know about your personal life, the more successful it is!
Suddenly, from my mother's bedroom, bow-legged and a temple, the washbasin runs out and ... finally breaks the immature child's psyche to the ebenyam!
A box of matches - 50 kopecks, a canister of gasoline-500 rubles, watching the school burn is priceless!!!
The most favorite pose for women is when a woman, standing and slightly leaning forward, chooses a diamond ring... the man in the back unzips his wallet.
The best gift for a girl is a text message made with your own hands.
Look at that!
And cheap!
I have a dream.
If the world ends, I want to be the last to die, so that I can see everyone I've ever hated die.
Then I'll cry and die the happiest.
He could beat people for hours.
Or maybe a juicer.
It is worth hating someone, and life immediately takes on meaning.
During the robbery of the store, the security guard did not lose his head and hid his small TV under the table.
Say "me" into any intercom and the door will open.
Like if your life started with an obstetrician slapping your ass like a little, dirty bitch.
There were two cheerful geese at Granny's, fattened, hacked, sold, and in the black.
Tell me, are there any cases of megalomania in your family?
Sometimes my husband claims to be the head of the family.
Dmitry Anatolyevich Medvedev's dog does not follow the owner's commands until they are approved by the Prime Minister.
February 14 — The Day of sex for a postcard, February 23 - The Day of men's deodorant, March 8 - The Day of revenge for deodorant.
Hello, yesterday I found a wallet, there are 7 thousand dollars and a passport in the name of Ruslan Demchuk.
Please play him the song "Let's get high"!!!
Mutual love?
Not seen, not heard, not practiced.
And you're cute!
Cute is when you're 5 years old and you have 2 silk bows on your head... and now I'm just awesome.
Doctor, no pulse.
Take a picture, like there is.
They say that drinking milk makes a person stronger.
Drink five glasses of milk and try to move the wall.
You can't do it.
Now drink five glasses of vodka and ... voila! - the wall moves on its own!
At the very beginning, it is very difficult to predict that at the end of this sentence will be the word hoof.
I have three musical personalities living in me:
1) A rocker who listens to heavy music.
2) Vanilla bullshit.
3) Everything is for you, dawns and mists...
A woman is a weak, defenseless creature from whom there is no fucking escape.
Why are you late for work, Kubarev?
Because I covered the floor with varnish.
When I left, my feet stuck.
My legs were torn off, my hands were stuck.
I tore off my hands, my legs stuck.
I got up early today to tell you that you're gonna fuck up this weekend, man.
In suburban commuter trains during rush hour, a person consists of 70% of another person.
A month before the exams, and you're still stupid.
No one stumbles while lying in bed.
A Japanese proverb.
The best humorous publics with stupid humor - are you cheaters?!
Hi, my name is Ivan, but usually my name is "hey you, go wipe it here".
I am a philologist by education.
Christ is Risen.
Retweet, if truly risen!
I killed him, sorry.
It happens.
If you cry to the music, remembering the good moments that you will not return, then you have a heart that you can reach.
I think many will support it.
"He doesn't want to be president, he wants to be the lord of heaven," the press service said.
The less we love a woman, The worse the borscht and the thinner the kvass, And the children are not like us.
I'm the only one who doesn't care what name is written on my Coke bottle?
I'm driving to work in a crowded bus: on the right I smell women's perfume, on the left-men's cologne.
At the bus stop, a homeless man came in, and after about two minutes, everyone smells the same - a fucking wizard.
Only the Russian answers the question - "Where are you going?" - "I'll come right now!"
Pour a hundred grams, drink, sniff and look around, and if the world has not changed, then repeat the experiment.
There is a parallel reality - a cat goes to work there, and a man only sleeps, plays and eats.
Girls, getting married, weigh 40-50 kilograms.
It's easier for the small ones to get into the husband's house.
And after a short time, they become 2-3 times heavier, so that it is more difficult to push them out.
Very sensitive condoms burst into tears right during sex.
You listen to the music so loud, like you think it can drown out all the fucking stuff that's going on in your head.
A killer whale that swallowed a lot of money became a cash collector.
"Not the best attempt of an athlete."
The more suicides, the fewer suicides.
You know who you're hitting on!?
Yes, the street brought me up!
So what did you grow up to be?
A pigeon?
At our bus stop, anything can happen, except for the bus stop.
I don't eat after six - that's more space for the alcohol in me.
On the program "The smartest" to the question "carrot, onion, potato, Lexus, what is superfluous?" the seventh grader answered "carrot, onion, potato".
Sometimes I want to sleep so badly that I even dream about it.
They say that if a girl looks like her father, she will be happy.
Intelligence is a disgusting thing!
A person without a brain is absolutely confident in the high level of his development.
A smart person is well aware of what a jerk he is, in fact...
Doctor, I have several thousand people following me all the time!
What's wrong with me?
You have a TWITTER account, honey.
You've really blossomed lately.
I fell out of love.
Kolya!!!
Let's go faster, I know him — he has a travel card!
That's always like this: high heels, mini dress, no boyfriend.
That's it, already a prostitute.
A real man was invented by women to frighten their husbands with it.
There are four types of drunks:
1.
The little drinker-drinks-drinks, and it's not enough for him.
2.
Shy - gets drunk and holds on to the walls.
3.
Ubiquitous-drinks and pisses everywhere.
4.
Mysterious - get drunk and make a mess of everything.
Hello!
I'm your upstairs neighbor.
Stop your pinging immediately!
If this sawing continues, I'm going to lose my mind!
Already moved out.
The violin was sold a week ago.
And in photos, people are usually not such scum as in real life.
I love you.
You make me madder than I can possibly be, but I want to spend every annoying minute with you.
The first thing I thought when I opened my eyes this morning was, " I'm in hell."
The second thing I thought was, " I need to tweet about this."
70% of people dress up the Christmas tree only from the side that is visible.
You remind me of myself when I was your age.
When I was your age, I was the same age as you are now.
I like a thunderstorm at the beginning of May, and a hurricane at the end of March is not very good.
I tried to evoke positive emotions in people, but I caused panic, a police squad, and Satan.
I've changed!
Let's be honest: you just learned to be a hypocrite.
Do you think the dark streak in my life will ever end?
Of course, life is not eternal.
Do you know how easy it is to annoy a person?
Just reply to his long message with the word "Clear".
Putin is also played by Bezrukov.
So, daughter, one step, one more step...
Vasya, bring the camera quickly — my daughter is back from the disco!
Listen, we need to meet.
No, we don't.
We are responsible for those who listened to your playlist.
He looked askance at the girl-offended her.
Looked directly-insulted her.
I didn't notice it at all - I offended and insulted her.
And where is the logic here???
When Maxim Galkin catches a goldfish, it always says the same thing to him: "Go, go, your old woman has everything!".
If they gave me a dollar every time I thought of you ...
I wouldn't make a damn thing like that.
"I'm already out" - this is usually in my underwear, without make-up and still near the computer.
When I was 15, I was thinking about life and death, and when I was 22, I was laughing at the dudes who came with a bag from the store and saw through the toilet paper.
What the fuck is going to happen in a man's life to make him decide to grow a mustache?
How nice it is to part with the past...
And how sorry I am for those who will pick up this past...
Some women should eat cosmetics to be beautiful inside.
Believe me, there is a person who will love you not for your breasts and not for the quality of your clothes.
He will love you for your laughter, for your eyes, and for the way you straighten his shirt.
Accidentally ruined my life.
How do I create a new account?
"Stay down!
Hands behind your head! " - I wouldn't have to do anything.
Grandfather, where did you sit in Vkontakte or Odnoklassniki as a child?
I was in a police cell as a child, for contact with a classmate.
Walking, my love?
So go…
No one's holding you by the horns…
"Honey, you have a laugh like Woody the woodpecker."
"And you have hair like Woody the woodpecker."
It would be faster on February 23, and then I'm running out of shampoo ...
Hi, ass with traffic jams, I'll be late.
Hey, you're an ass with traffic jams.
You need to read newspapers while sitting on the toilet.
Why?
Ready for any surprises!
"I urgently need such a person, so that when I sing I DON'T WANT TO LOSE MYSELF IN SAM-SAM-SAMNENIYAH, he is such a WOOOOOO, and I am such a CHOOSE ONE OF A HUNDRED VARIAANTS"
The only thing worse than a guy with bangs is a woman with balls!
Sometimes you see a cool car and think "Where do people get so much money?!", and then you look — the drum is only designed for 3 kilograms of laundry.
They say we only live when we do what we like.
And indeed: sometimes you get fucked up — and you just feel that you are living!
And the foxes took matches, set fire to the elephants ' testicles.
I decided to collect my thoughts, no one came to the meeting.
I just don't understand how people can put their photos on the phone screen saver?
They say that money spoils people.
The fact is that their absence spoils people no less.
If you do not want to spoil the relationship with a person – do not stop him from lying.
So what!
Half a million isn't bad either.
Listen, since you love all this vintage clothes and old-school music, why don't you eat this pose-the day before yesterday's salad?
The caterpillar hits the bull's-eye most accurately.
Note to universities: students are not afraid of bad grades.
Enter the death penalty!
I would get a tattoo, but I don't know what hurts more.
Get a tattoo, or get one because I did it.
Forecast for the New Year.
If you wake up with your face buried in salad, then everything is fine: the year will be calm, traditional.
If you miss the salad, the year will be unpredictable!
Well, fuck knows, maybe you didn't break it, but then the bone sticks out, it's fucked up.
Excuse me, are you sure you're a surgeon?
I'm the most beautiful person I know.
Vodka is able to make this evening beautiful, but at the expense of tomorrow morning.
Dear, I didn't pass my driver's license.
An inspector, a tree, and two homeless people.
"I was wrong", better say: "Wow, how interesting it turned out..."
After the phrase "Either me or the cat", the wife kicked Armen out of the house, because he has more hair in the apartment than the cat.
A child is like a sponge.
It is inconvenient to wash the grater with them.
And how did you know that your paths diverged?
When I went to the ass, and she was on the f* * k ...
When the husband went fishing without a fishing rod, the stupid wife began to suspect that he had a second fishing rod.
Very smart children suspect that the stork and cabbage have some screwing.
Three white horses, oh, three white horses-despondency, melancholy and sadness!
Do you want tea from a bag or are you a scum who has eaten too much?
If you are 27 years old, then half of the population of India is younger than you.
And if you are already 30, then you are older than half of the world's population.
I am responsible for what I have said, but not for what you have heard.
Imagine how cool it would be if on Shrovetide they burned not an effigy, but your excess weight.
All these "I will call", "I will call back" or "we will call, we will write you, we will see you" - are always postponed indefinitely.
When a person wants to, he takes the phone-writes, calls or goes.
And through what does the path to a woman's heart even lie?
The path to the heart of a woman should not lie at all!
Usually in the summer they lose weight, and in the winter they gain weight.
I didn't have any summer.
Any small town is like a swinger club.
I can't understand why pedestrians are more confident in the serviceability of my car's brakes than I am.
In the Moscow traffic jam, you can have time to build a house, plant a tree, raise your son, GIVE HIM A STEERING WHEEL AND FINALLY SLEEP.
If a girl doesn't like you, she'll tell you that she has a boyfriend, even if there isn't one.
And if you liked her, she will say that there isn't one, even if there is.
Harmony is when both understand each other by the intonation of silence.
Due to the fact that the wine and vodka store is located closer to the shoe store-all winter passed in the ballet shoes...
How much does a person need for happiness?
Nothing, sometimes a weekend is enough.
If there is jealousy, then there are feelings.
Are you covering your shame with your palm again?!
Come on, show me... your salary...
I'll bet you a hundred dollars that I'm not the only one who slaps my leg when I can't stop laughing.
People drown because they don't eat styrofoam.
I just love it when American high school students in movies complain about life, and then drive their own car to school.
Family life is when she tries on all her dresses in front of the mirror, and you have a warm heart.
Because you're sitting in the hallway in a down jacket.
There is nothing more annoying than to see a well-spoken word die in the ear of the fool to whom you said it. © Charles Montesquieu.
Can I open a beer with your iPhone?
No?
Well, then what the fuck is such a thing needed?
Yes, I may sleep alone, but at least I sleep with someone I like.
I have such bruises under my eyes, as if tomorrow morning has already kicked me in the face.
Did you think you were in a fairy tale?
No, dude, you're in a mess.
Sometimes I drink a glass of water, just to surprise my liver.
Igor came home without a mood, but his wife immediately shared with him the bad one.
Vasya has 12 apples, Petya has 8 apples, and Pasha has salt in his ass.
Question: who was the last to escape from the collective farm garden?
The World Darts Championship was interrupted by a sudden door opening.
Today I decided to treat myself, as in my childhood-I did not wake up with a hangover.
Not good enough for the people I want.
Too good for anyone who wants me.
I hate people who constantly show off!
I would give such a head with my fifth iPhone!!!
Oh, who's Dad?
These are microbloggers.
Hush, don't scare them, they're afraid of people.
Here, throw them some bullshit, they love it.
GO TO THE STORE AND BUY SALMON.
AND I KISS YOU.
WAITING, WANTING, MISSING…
I get a text message in response-STUPID, FISH WHOLE or IN PIECES?
The son of Ivan the Terrible did not lie when he said in the courtyard: if anything, my dad will really kill me.
"What's in his hand?" - zebra wondered, seeing the traffic cop.
Joy is measured in smiles.
I opened my eyes, and they didn't like it.
Any argument should start with the phrase: "Let's start with the fact that you are a cunt-eyed asshole."
The song "Eighth Grader" was written in 1982.
So now this eighth-grader is 47 years old.
And Sveta Sokolova died altogether.
Take care of yourself!
I want you!
A hand to help you...
Happy Hunger Games to you.
And may luck always be on your side! (c) Session
Are you bored?
No one calls or writes?
Collect credits!
Are you so sad because you're fat or is something wrong?
If there is no spirit, there will be no liver.
The disco "Who is over 70..." was disrupted by drunken 50-year-olds.
An excellent student will be a good doctor, and a C student will be the chief doctor.
Ukrainians are strange people - they worship fascists, work for Jews, die for Americans, AND HATE RUSSIANS!
In every pretty girl, in every shy little girl, there may be some fucking great-grandmother's genes hidden somewhere!!!
Deputy, identical to the general one.
I demand to introduce criminal penalties for those who climb with all sorts of shit to a person in headphones.
I don't give up on studying.
I use a flexible individual training plan.
At night, you do not need to sit on the Internet, but read books.
Well, or fuck.
Despite the fact that I am brilliant and perfect, self-criticism is also my strong point.
Grandfather, it seems to me that it will be very difficult for us to understand each other.
Ahah, lol.
WTF, I'm ok.
They say it's better to tell your mom, not your girlfriend.
After all, mom is a loyal friend.
Only in the morning, another loyal friend finds out about it ... dad.
Love will make you a fuckhead typing a dick.
What to do if you get a dumb photo:
1.
Make it black and white.
Done!
You're amazing!
BED, REFRIGERATOR, INTERNET.
The federal target program of road construction "On bumps, on bumps, on a brand-new path, in a hole buh."
Mom, can I run with the boys to the river?
Run.
Just please don't drink vodka with cold beer - you have a weak throat!
Mom, I want to marry Igor.
He loves me!
He does not drink, does not smoke, does not disappear with friends!
Oh, I don't know, son...
I don't know…
Could you please wake me up at 6 am?
Just be careful and run right away.
There are three things that most people are afraid of-trusting, telling the truth, and being yourself.
My motto in life: fuck up while fuck up.
The main thing in a relationship is to talk to each other more gently, learn to forgive, forget about your selfishness ...
Come on, I'm kidding, the main thing in a relationship is to get the fuck out of here in time.
There are really only two endless things: the work week and human stupidity.
And their combination is already an endless fuck-up.
Who is a massage therapist?
This is a man who receives money from women for what other men get in the face for.
When Masha stopped doing what she was doing, the sign "Masha has changed" appeared in the entrance.
Two alcoholics took away the girl's ice cream just because of the cup.
Champagne, martini, wine, vodka and olive.
Mix all the ingredients in the ratio "a, fuck fuck" and add the cherry.
Doctor, how are my tests?
You have bad tests, feces - generally shit.
I am so small that I am surrounded by only bodyguards.
Don't know where to take a girl?
Drive her crazy.
I lost 2 kilograms ...
In the joy of eating 3 more ...
To get up at 7 o'clock for work is a torment.
Get up at 4 for fishing-rest.
Why the black eye?
Yes, one moron wanted to kick me in the ass, and I dodged.
You're like the Wizard of Oz - you gave everyone their brains, but you didn't leave a damn thing for yourself!
Contrary to the name, there is nothing funny about rye bread.
Today I said hello to my grandmothers at the entrance, but they are not with me.
Junkies, I guess...
I love you so much.
I love myself so much more, your chances are slim.
Friends on Twitter are like pens: there are a lot of them, but they only write a couple of pieces!
That awkward moment when you blurt something out, and then you sit there and think, " Why the fuck did I do that?"
One day, everyone will get superpowers.
Your friends will be able to fly and control the fire.
And you can talk to your cat.
And he'll spend the whole day telling you what a piece of shit you are.
To rest for an hour or two, employees of the Russian Post hide in the queue.
The icicle is a masterpiece.
There is no verb "I will win", there is "I will pull you all, little rats, for I am e mazafakin gad, bitchez".
The fate of the prankster, the minx Determined so herself: All the stupid happiness from madness, And the smart-woe from wit.
Where is my letter from Hogwarts, answer me, you bastard!
Igor, stop choking the owl!
What could be worse than biting off an apple and finding a worm in it?
Take a bite out of an apple and find half a worm in it!
"Sorry kid, it's not about you, I met someone else.
So it happens, goodbye."
Fuck, I even got dumped by someone else's woman.
The whole world has gone crazy!
Everyone is arguing, who is cooler?
Who's a small piece of shit, and who's a big pile!
A caring mother has a child who drinks, smokes, and swears.
But in the cap!
From space, you can see Lake Baikal and your eyebrows, bitch.
There are a lot of Raskolnikovs with axes and saws, and an old woman, Russia, is alone...
The results of the ultrasound showed that there would be a wedding.
I set the alarm on the calculator today and got a good night's sleep!
Yesterday, a married couple had an accident.
The wife was not injured, and the husband got off with a light slap on the head.
Butterflies in the stomach do not recover.
Take care of them.
Let's give up everything and get to work.
The fly that shat on the telescope lens had no idea that it had shat on an entire galaxy in the constellation of Orion.
The hamster's stomach is very small, which means it is not suitable for drug smuggling.
I still don't know what to write on my tombstone: "I wish you were here" or "turn around".
Leva, I admire your feelings!
You and Sofia have been living together for 30 years and, nevertheless, when walking around the city, always hold hands!
Sema, if I let her go, she will definitely buy something.
Guess what day it is today?
That's right, fucking bad.
Brain, are we going to sleep?
There is no sleep yet, but you are happy, healthy, stay there.
"Hello!
I am participating in the contest, please vote for me!" and other ways to ruin a relationship.
Guess who fucked up all weekend and knocked down the sleep mode...
Only in Russia, "uh-huh" means "thank you", "oh" translates as "sorry", and a piece of bread is the second cutlery.
When the house is not burning, and the horse is standing quietly in the stable — the Russian woman becomes somehow uneasy.
My kindness ends where your insolence crosses the line.
It's strange that I'm still alive, despite the fact that I constantly stare at my phone when I cross the road and walk up the stairs.
I'm probably being guarded by a phone guardian angel.
If you pour Coca-Cola and Pepsi into one bottle, you can see how the bubbles fight.
I didn't go to the gym today.
And this has been going on for 8 years.
hello, hoW Are You?
I want to say that you are not a very good perfectionist.
It's cool to have someone who truly loves you.
I read it in a book.
I'm on lecture when I'm not there.
THANK YOU TO THE HEADMAN FOR THIS!
I don't require any special care.
You can leave as usual.
What happened once may never happen again.
But what happened twice is bound to happen a third time.
Paulo Coelho.
The alchemist.
Before the wedding, you think that it can not be better, before the divorce-that it will not be worse.
AND YOU'RE WRONG EVERY TIME!
I don't look like a person who's ever going to live a normal life.
Vkontakte is like a refrigerator.
It seems to be nothing new, but you constantly look in during the day.
Do you want to go to the cafeteria for a bite to eat?
You should forget the word "cafeteria" with those cheeks.
Honey, would you like some coffee in bed?
No, let's have a cup.
I get pissed off by people who just added friends, and already write to you "sunny", "bunny", " baby*", etc.
How do you know me, bitch?
Red wine goes under the meat, White wine goes under the fish, Beherevka is served to the duck.
I'm drunk, but I'm smarter than everyone else in the minibus.
If I were a tattoo artist, I would get your face.
I just came in to check it out.
How did you even get into my apartment?!
Valuev caught a goldfish and asked for the addresses of everyone who writes jokes about him...
My husband is so tired at work that he can't feel his hands, feet, or horn.
"Hey, man!", because man-sounds proud.
For people to reach out to you, you need to be a woman's breast.
I bet with my husband on a new gold chain that I will lose 5 kg in a month.
A month has passed,I stand on the scales, look in the mirror.
Well, gold doesn't suit me!!!
Not life, but a kick-ass: the roof is gone, the heart is stolen, the conscience is lost, and the brains...
But where are the brains, I can't even imagine...
Without understanding the words of the girl, almost every guy considers it his duty to ask: "period or what?"
I propose to fine the weekend for speeding.
Tell me how you cried over Hachiko. (c) Brazil.
I wonder if a man gets a good whack on the head while he's sleeping, will he wake up before he passes out?
The thought haunts me.
And the sponsor of this post is sex without a condom.
Sex without a condom-are you sure you didn't hit it?
Apparently, all my clear days were taken by Oleg Gazmanov.
Before you do something, always think, “What would Uncle Satan say?"
I received a message from the operator: communicate with your friends three times more!
My liver will either fail, or I'll be kicked out of the house...
Everyone should have a money photo on their wall!
Selfies are invented by lonely people who do not have someone who could take their picture.
Note to the hostess: if the cleaning is carried out less often, then its results will be more obvious.
If weekends and holidays in the calendar are highlighted in red, then why is Friday not highlighted in blue?
One day I woke up and realized that I could throw out the lid of the yogurt without licking it, and not feel anything.
Think about it!
Kitchen-female gender, hall-male gender; sink-female gender, football, TV-male gender; cooking, cleaning, washing-female gender; computer, laptop, garage - male gender.
There is undoubtedly something in this!
Usually my relationships with people deteriorate after they say they don't like the music I listen to.
"FUCK YOU in this case," I say politely to them, and further communication somehow does not work out.
The countdown to the end of summer is over, now it's time for "until the new year is left ..."
Mom, why didn't we go to the sea this year?
This year, your tutors went to the sea!
Today is Earth Hour.
All over the world, people will turn off the electricity in their homes in the name of nature conservation and spend an hour playing with their phones.
If you say "where are our people" with your mouth closed, you get "fuck off".
But the funny thing is that almost everyone who read it tried to do so.
During the transition age, Pinocchio had honeydew on his face...
In China, it is forbidden to show striptease at funerals.
WELL, NOOO, IT'S NOT INTERESTING.
This awkward moment when you have to go out, but you are a girl and decide to wash your hair.
A woman is wrong until she cries...
When chipolin's mother cuts him , she cries.
Not because of the onion, but because of the son.
No, you're not alone, you're just a little fucking useless.
In any incomprehensible situation, pretend that it is very clear.
We need to break up.
Leave the likes, pls.
The morning is never good.
It's either: fuck, morning.
Or: so, to hell with everything, I sleep until lunch.
A normal man is the one after which the girl's cheekbones are reduced.
And it doesn't matter how he did it, with his sense of humor or something else.
Do you know how to draw?
If you knew what was in her heart, you wouldn't understand how she could smile, hold back her tears, manage to joke and just pretend that everything was fine.
There are two types of ostriches:grey and blue!
Gray people hide their heads in the sand when they are afraid of something, and blue people are just waiting for this...
"Don't touch it, it's for the new year" - the post passed.
"Eat it, or it will spoil" - the post was accepted.
All my autumn-romantic adventures end with the fact that I simply refuse to leave the apartment.
Honey, we have an event at work.
Can they bring me in later today?
Sometimes it is painful to put an obscene status, but you remember that you have decent people in your friends.
And, most disgusting of all, they think you're a decent person too!
Uw.
KEYBOARD DEVELOPERS, please change the letter "h" to some other one.
And then I "shit to bed" more often than to sleep.
You can't just enjoy a relationship with a man.
He definitely has a besyachaya girlfriend with general muddy jokes, and it is not clear whether they fucked, fuck or just going to.
I'm a cloud, a cloud, a cloud.
From Monday, exactly on a diet.
Why beat your head against the wall???
About the corner is much more effective...
In April 2012, all the seasons fit in.
My friends call me Leps because I went to live in London.
Dressed up like a whore again?
With such makeup only on the track to stand!
Mom, I've told you a hundred times that I work as a prostitute.
If you say "google-google-google" to the pigeons instead of "guli-guli-guli", the birds will not feel the difference, but you will look much more modern.
We'll show them where Snowden spends the winter.
There are people like a drug-you know what you can't do, but it pulls... there are people like a cake-sweet, delicious, but already sick… and there are people like a washing machine-brlrblrbrbrlrbl, but vzhzhzhzhzhzh.
I won't make fun of you today.
Nature has already made a joke.
You need a home phone at least so that you can find a mobile phone...
Summer residents have their own Horoscope.
In the summer, they become Cancer and Aquarius.
The person standing in the queue is most pleased not with how it decreases in front of him, but with how it grows behind him.
Tell me, is it really bad manners to clog up the Russian language with foreign words, and just not comme il faut?
We are better off, - the government said.
We are very happy for you, - the people thought.
"Oh, this topic is cool, let's turn it on at the same time!"
One of the problems of the new year: to determine whether the candy is delicious on the wrapper.
If I say, "I love you," don't ask stupid questions like, "are you drunk?"
Of course I'm in the shit.
Like if you're on the couch, because the couch is better than not on the couch.
On the surface, I'm a selfish and narcissistic bastard, but I'm actually even worse.
You go to the site in the morning... and you see that everyone is already at their jobs.
Start a conversation from afar, this is when you instead of the phrase "Borrow 100 rubles Vasya", say "As a child, I had a hamster Grisha and he loved nuts."
If you think that I have given up-you are mistaken.
I just bent down to get the tire iron
Girls with small breasts should be the happiest, because they can be sure that they will not be loved for their tits.
Angelina Jolie can say the phrase: "Don't yell at your mother" in thirty languages.
Wanting is not enough, we must act...
The firm needs a translator.
Requirements: long legs, knowledge of the language is optional.
The American cultural attache John Smith, who was walking around Pyatigorsk, felt his heart sink when the translator suddenly exclaimed: "Well, that's it: it seems that this is a failure!"
80-ies in the GDR, one translator boasted that he could translate any phrase.
He was asked to translate the phrase "Mow mowed with an aslant scythe"from Russian into German.
At the bird market:
- Buy a parrot!
A unique bird!
Speaks 5 foreign languages!!!
- And who is next to him?
His girlfriend?
- No, his translator.
At the pet store:
- Do you have a parrot that speaks English?
- No, but we have a woodpecker.
- What does he know?
- Morse code.
The trial at Brighton Beach.
One of the participants in the case is presented with an interpreter.
He begins to resent it:
- Why do I need a translator?
This is an insult!
Do you think I don't speak English well?
I graduated from Harvard University!
The judge leans over to the interpreter and asks him in Russian:
"What's he saying?"
At one of the translation departments, students were asked to translate a proverb from Russian into English.
The results were collected and given to students of another group, with the suggestion to translate them back from English to Russian.
Here's what came out of it:
The source text in Russian: "The further into the forest, the more firewood."
Translated text in Russian: "The increase in the concentration of woody forest resources, as you dive into the forest area".
Petersburg, winter, twilight.
A foreign car stops near the snow-dusted traffic cop, a Japanese man gets out of it and says:
- Oyasuminasai, sumimasen, omawaru-san, doko-de watashi-wa kono yukitoshi-ni Coca-Cola-no kan-o koubaimas-ka?
To which the traffic cop replies: "I'm sorry, I didn't understand.
You ask, where in this sad snow-covered city to buy a bottle of what?»
It's no secret that jokes and anecdotes are very difficult to translate.
During one oral conversation, the interpreter, realizing that he could not convey the meaning of the joke, said the following: "This person tells a joke that seems funny to him.
I can't translate it in a way that makes you laugh, so when I'm done, please just start laughing."
Another ankedot about translators and linguists:
Two gentlemen meet in the street of LONDON.
(1)- What clock?
(2)- Seven o`clock.
(1)- It much?
(2)- Of course.
(1) (happily) - Finish MGIMO?
(2) - YEES!!!
A man gets a job.
- Tell me, do you speak Esperanto?
We correspond on it with some partners.
- Speak it?
I lived there for three years!
In the 1930s, Stalin gave the last instructions in the Kremlin at night in the early morning about the next day's meeting with the British ambassador.
At the very end, he says: "... and we will have Comrade Berezhkov to translate."
The dumbfounded people who listened to him timidly answer: "Comrade Stalin..., after all, Comrade Berezhkov works ... only with the German language ...".
To which Stalin replies: "And all right, I'll tell him, he will start translating from English...".
URGENTLY BUY: pocket translator from female to Russian.
A lesson at school.
A new student enters the class.
Teacher:
- Who are you?
- I'm a translator.
- Do you speak English?
- no.
- In German?
- No.
- So what language do you know?
- None.
- You said you were a translator, didn't you?
- Well, yes.
I transferred to you from a nearby school.
The German came to Russia to work at the VAZ factory.
He walks around and looks at everyone's hands.
One worker could not stand it, asks the interpreter:
- Why is he looking at his hands?
Translator:
- He bought a Zhiguli in Germany, so he looks: maybe you have something wrong with your hands.
- no.
It's not right in his head!
- You don't translate spaces and numbers, so we won't pay for them.
- All right.
I'll send you a translation without spaces.
Two interpreters are talking:
— Why are you so sad?
— Yes, I went to study for two years, I thought-karate, but it turned out-sign language translation ...
A professional joke about translators from foreign languages.
Russian Russian woman (R), French woman (F) and American woman (A) are traveling in the same compartment.
The French woman speaks a little Russian, and the American woman speaks French.
In the morning, the American woman did not find her gold wristwatch.
Then their conversation:
A addresses F:
"Did you happen to take my watch?"
F k A: - No, I'm sorry.
I'll ask the Russian.
F k R: - Did you take a watch from an American woman?
R k F: - Here's another thing, I need them very much!
F k A: - Aha!
She said she really needed them!
A to F: - That is, how is it so?
This is my watch!
Let him give them back immediately!
F k R: - She demands that you give her the watch!
R k f: - Hello, I'm your aunt!
F k A: - I understand that she is your close relative!
A to F: - But I don't have any relatives from Russia!
All my ancestors come from Western Europe.
If she likes my watch so much and doesn't want to give it away, I'm willing to sell it for $500.
F k R: - The American woman says-keep the watch for yourself, but pay her $500.
R k f: - And don't you give her a horseradish?
F k A: - I don't quite understand, but it seems that the Russian has no money, but she is ready to pay with vegetables!
Anecdote about movie translators:
"Ah-ah-ah-ah!" shouted Don Castillo in Spanish.
A professional translator is looking for a job.
I know the PROMT program.
There was an addition to the textbooks for future translators, which says :" When translating from English, the articles: definite "the" and indefinite "a" - are translated into the New Russian language literally, namely: "like" and "specifically".
Anecdote about the translator:
- Master, Hiddink!
Our fans are interested in when the Russian national football team will become the world champion?
- What?
What?
Translator: Have you all heard?
Hiddink said that's it.
"I learned their language in 6 weeks, nothing is easier: you pronounce as many consonants as you can breathe, and then you point your finger at what you need."
Anecdote about an electronic translator:
The program translated the phrase "Bill Gates said.." as "Boarding gates, said ..."
A foreign delegation, three people, came to the new Russian.
He (thinking that they do not understand him) shouts to the secretary:
- Masha, get these three stupid idiots some coffee!
One of the newcomers (in Russian):
- Not three, but two.
I am a translator ...
An American came to Russia.
He doesn't understand anything in Russian, so he goes everywhere with an interpreter.
In one town, an American decided to relax a little, went to a local bar, and there are three Russians sitting at the table.
When they hear the English speech, they invite an American with an interpreter to the table, show a bottle of vodka and hold out their hands:
- Ivanov!
- Petrov!
- Sidorov!
Here the American looks at the interpreter and asks:
- If Ivan, Peter and Sidor are off, then who will I drink vodka with?
Everyone around is a translator from bankers to drunks, just some transfers money, and others drinks.
A well-bred person will never take someone else's without asking, until he is sure that there is no one nearby.
- Waiter, I think the meat is a little harsh.
- Cats, they are only soft in life...
If Bulgaria sends Russian diplomats, Russia will send them Kirkorov.
A good person notices people when they feel bad.
A bad person notices people when they feel good.
Vegetarians don't age.
They wither.
Hospital 389, after long and unsuccessful attempts to find a cleaner, was transformed into a mud clinic.
I don't need money, but the pleasure I get from it!
A classic of today.
A colleague is sitting, his face frowning.
I ask:
- What are you doing?
Answer:
- I read jokes...
- Two tons of printing products went bad in the warehouse.
- Yes, what could have gone wrong, it's not food!?
- Calendars.
If you have a conscience, then, for sure, you have no money.
I bought a book "This is not taught in driving school", came home, lay down on the sofa, opened the title page, and there "All about houseplants".
The most effective herbal treatment is nettle on the ass!
My parents always saw me as a startup.
They put everything into me.
And conceived me in the garage.
I don't drink coffee to wake up.
I wake up to drink coffee.
- Son, you've been studying copywriting all day.
Are you hungry?
- No, Mother, I'm not hungry.
I want to enjoy the dishes.
I'm not your grandfather, please stop following me.
Can I help you find your parents?
What's your name?
Are you lost?
Where's your mom?
How did you get here?
I've done so much today to do nothing.
The men are the same children, but you can't leave them with nannies.
Like, if you like to sleep, and sleep loves you.
Mom, I'm not coming alone.
GOOD HEAVENS!
FINALLY.
Hey, do you remember that person you thought you couldn't live without?
Well, look, you're still alive and well.
Dear Americans, we need to be friends!
We have 90% of the male population are playing in world of tanks for days-they train!
Let's go watch a horror movie?
No, thank you, my personal life is enough for me.
I'm too funny to get married.
In the morning, Andrei Pavlovich was found murdered in the entrance of his house.
Neighbors report seeing him like this more than once.
You didn't pass your thesis on time.
And you're old and fat.
After Poroshenko's victory in the elections, the budget of Ukraine is measured not in hryvnia, but in sweets, and sucking ones.
Life is a lesson.
Everyone is a teacher.
I'm a complete two-year-old.
Wait, why doesn't the bride drink?
So she did not throw off!
Twitter knows more about my life than my parents do.
If the computer had pedals, and the speed of the Internet depended on them, there would be much less people with excess weight.
Napoleon is not a cake yet.
It's infuriating when the right word flies out of your head at the right moment, and you can't hit everyone on the spot with your erudition!
I'd kiss you goodbye, but I'm not a dementor.
We laugh, and they may have dreamed of standing at the subway and handing out advertising papers since childhood.
It's so great that there are 7 billion people in the world, and I chose you to tell to fuck off.
The grandmother who feeds the dogs near the entrance chases the grandmother who feeds the cats.
Accidentally deleting the XXX folder in the grandson's computer, the grandfather did not suspect that he had destroyed the Germans for the second time.
Pain.
Suffering.
Hopelessness.
The best, from the essay how I spent this summer.
Every morning, Chinese children get up, do exercises and go to sell it at the market.
Autumn, as always, arrived early.
Punctual brute.
Olya conducts consulting on the highway.
A hundred-giving, a fifty -sucking.
My psychological mood: hop hey la la ley.
Master, we've brought you something to eat.
I remember once falling in love with my own ego, and it's like, I'm sorry, I love you, but only as a friend.
Do you ever smile at all?
Moron, why did you drown my phone in the toilet, I repeat again?
That's it, I can't take it anymore, let's get a divorce!
You took it as a widow, and you'll leave me as a widow.
That awkward moment when you are asked to tell something and you forget everything that happens in your life.
People who have regular sex, you are either silent, or more details.
Offending a person is easy.
All you have to do is tell the truth.
If something good happens, you drink to celebrate.
If something bad happens, you drink to forget it.
If nothing happens, you drink to make something happen.
- Dear.
- Love you.
- Give me a baby.
- Whose?
We are not afraid of work: if there is no work , we go to bed, if there is work, we also sleep... we do not sit without work!!!
Relationship rule 1: even if your other half posts a video on their wall where a horse fucks a man, you must like it.
I'm so cute that Bambi is just a deer compared to me.
When you write "clear", it feels like they write "well, fuck it".
"Mooo" says the cow.
"Woof, woof," says the dog.
"YOU DON'T DO ANYTHING ALL DAY LONG YOU JUST FUCK AROUND IT'S NO USE.," my parents say.
One will not understand what roses smell like... another will get honey from bitter herbs... you will give someone a trifle, he will remember forever... you will give someone your life, and he will not understand…
Worthy of respect!
Never tell a woman about your adventures, otherwise she will tell you about her own, and then you risk earning an inferiority complex.
The recertification showed that 73% of housing and utilities employees do not know the correct order of the seasons.
I gave myself up to work...
At first I thought it was for money.
Then I looked at the salary.
No, for love...
Do you WANT A CHANGE?
Put a new profile picture.
The man you love is the one who saw you drunk, naked, without makeup, roaring, talking all sorts of shit, and how strange it is still with you.
Once you take a risk, you can stay happy for the rest of your life!
How I fix my computer:
1.
Turn it off.
2.
Enabl it.
3.
Done.
People who advise you to get out of your comfort zone to start living, please explain how to get there.
I decided to go running with my husband.
We ran a couple of kilometers.
We came back by taxi.
Are you no longer happy with funny pictures?
Contact a memologist.
What do you like to do?
Get married now.
I feel like I sneezed on a Friday night, closed my eyes for a second, and out of nowhere, there's this fucking Monday again!
Student Lyusya learned all the tickets by logic and became a man.
My older sister is a seamstress by profession, and my second sister is a cook.
If Alexander Sergeyevich is not lying, and he is not lying, I will marry the tsar.
On Valentine's Day, I want to protect myself from three things:
1) Pink snot.
2) Couples in love.
3) Jokes about the Day of the Mentally Ill.
And let him drown in blood who doubts my goodness, for my mercy is merciless.
It's terribly hard work to do nothing.
In connection with the requirements of political correctness, astronomers are invited to rename "black holes" to "African-American holes".
It's easier to open the veins on the ass than to wait for a change.
I thought that only girls could be hysterical, until I accidentally spilled tea on my boyfriend's laptop.
Which sport do you consider the most dangerous?
Chess.
Fell asleep and fell an eye on the queen... and that's it…
Girl, I've seen you somewhere before.
Yes, I often go somewhere.
"Spin the drum".
I ordered one garbage, another garbage came!!!
But also garbage, so everything is fine.
So what?
I hope that a whole month was enough for you to realize that summer will not change anything if you are a boring asshole.
A Chinese man who tried to get into the Kremlin, claiming to live there, turned out to be a guest from the future.
In Sochi, at a concert by Sergei Zverev, dolphins swam into the hall and began to save people.
How to seduce a girl:
1.
Come on?
It's a.
2.
Come on, what are you like this.
3.
Well, here it is.
So would immediately.
The phrase "Well, we will not interfere with you" means that no one is going to help you.
Mother,you have seven children, and all Ivans!
How do you distinguish them?
By patronymic, father, by patronymic.
If I decided not to do anything , I will not be stopped.
By the stupid question of men "How are things on the personal front?» so I want to answer: "A lot of your dead»…
Why is the snow crunching?
It's just that snowflakes break their spines.
They say that a woman driving is scary.
But you can't imagine how scary it is for a woman to drive!
Only 6 people with a total weight of no more than 625 kilograms can come to the elevator operator's birthday party.
People go crazy when they listen to this track.
I am difficult to remove, easy to grow, and impossible to retract. (c) Stomach.
You're a delightful bastard, I'm a temperamental bitch, Come on, you're probably going to come visit.
On a slippery porch, the number of cultured people is drastically reduced.
Today, people live in general for the sake of liking all sorts of shit and sending it to their wall.
Gemini: the stars say that today you will have a special pleasure in correspondence on the Internet!
As if I won't have on another day!
Fate is a very convenient word for those who never make decisions.
How can you listen to your inner voice when it says every morning: "Sleep it all to hell!
Sleep it off!»
When I die, I want my body thrown out of the plane.
In a Superman suit.
I wanted to make the biggest mistake of my life, but he, jerk, does not answer the phone...
If Vivaldi lived in St. Petersburg, he would not be able to compose the seasons.
I've been drinking like a teetotaler, and I can't even speak my tongue!
Go back to bed.
The world has nothing to offer you today.
New Year is when on the computer table, in addition to empty and dirty mugs, the peel of tangerines begins to appear!
By the way, the best years of your life are passing now.
Do you like it?
Looking at vodka, everyone says: "Ugh, what a mess!", but they drink it …
It's the same story with porn.
After five misses, the Georgian biathlete stabbed the target with a dagger.
While Don Juan was confessing, the padre came eight times.
The jury is 12 people who decide which client has the best lawyer.
DOWNLOAD SLEEP FOR FREE WITHOUT SMS.
You're lying wrong, Uncle Fyodor.
You're lying to yourself, but it's necessary for others.
I'm not crying, it's just whores and fuckers in the eye.
The table is painted, fuck!
Nooo, you need to check with your finger!
Money can't buy happiness.
For money, you can buy some light drugs and rent a whore.
If you know what I mean.
If no one noticed your departure, most likely, you did not leave in vain.
L. N. Tolstoy.
I will never deceive someone who truly trusts me.
But I will not prove the truth to someone who does not believe me.
A. Jolie.
Dad, Dad, give me the money!
Drug-related expenses?
Forget about the old mistakes.
There are even more new ones waiting for you!
Sunday, being slightly tipsy, found a bag of dried fruits at home.
Let me make some compote, I think.
Cooked it.
No one will eat fruit anyway, I decided to drain it.
I put the colander in the sink and drained the liquid.
For a long time I stood over the sink in a stupor.
Thinking.
I am cool, hot as the sun is bright, I am an indomitable power, I am an instrument of enslavement, I am borsch.
The Mongol squinted and fell asleep.
I sat there, thinking about how all people are assholes.
And then I just like that, for no reason at all, they give me a big candy!
Did I fucking ask for candy?
Like it if you read this post.
I'm always worried about the no trespassing signs.
How do I know if I'm an outsider or not?
Maybe they've been waiting for me there all my life.
I know how to do it.
But I will do as I want!
The elephants were sliding off the turtle, and the disk was sliding off their backs, and God freaked out and rolled this pile into a big, practical ball.
She also grabbed me by the tail...and with a slipper...with a slipper.
In my opinion, there is nothing more tragic than to love a person with all your heart, to love, despite all attempts to wrest this love, and to know that this person is not worthy of your love.
A little boy climbed an apple tree.
The watchman Pahom pulls out his sawn-off shotgun.
The shot rang out, and the watchman fell.
His father covered the boy from behind.
Is that why all the candy bars open SO loudly?
Especially at night!
My mom said my friends smelled like weed.
Now I am tormented by the question: how does my mom know what weed smells like?
My purse contains only the essentials: old headphones, a hundred receipts, three empty packs of cigarettes, a wrench, a loaf of bread, a food processor.
If the chest is sagging, it's bullshit, but if the dick is sagging, it's a problem!
Leave your comfort zone.
Go outside, walk to the supermarket.
Take vine and go back.
I am a decent girl, I do not drink, I do not smoke, I do not communicate with bad companies.
But sometimes Fedor wakes up inside me and starts drinking.
If you don't have an appetite, then someone has two.
"It was fucking awesome!" - best title for a memoir.
The shower broke - I take the tap.
How to spend money wisely?
A clear understanding of this comes only when the money has already been spent.
This is the awkward moment when an Oriflame representative rang the doorbell of a Jehovah's witness.
The turkey also thought that he was bathing until the water boiled.
Stop saying that I didn't live up to your expectations.
I did not promise you anything, and the fact that the image that has formed in your head does not coincide with reality is already your problem.
You're not fat, I tell you!
Take two chairs and sit down with us.
Every day someone asks me, "Did you take something?
Did you drink yesterday and not go away?".
That's because I have a naturally drug-addicted look.
Why can't we just drink and fuck and watch funny pictures together?
We're 48 years old.
I can already feel this fucking September smiling maliciously, counting the days until we meet.
Women enjoy having power over men, but they are always attracted to someone who has power over them.
How to annoy the interlocutor: if the interlocutor says something, after each pause, say: "Well?"and enjoy the reaction.
Vovochka gave the cat a drink of gasoline.
The cat took two steps and fell.
Probably she ran out of gas, thought Vovochka, I need to pour more.
A woman, in general, is amenable to training, if, of course, she loves the trainer.
However, as it turned out, it also emphasizes the word "browser".
You're smart and beautiful.
Too bad it didn't happen at the same time.
Everyone, I have no more kindness for people, fuck off.
Well, I guess it's no use flogging you.
Conductor!
Why is the laundry wet?
I like you very much.
"After fifty, life is just beginning," I thought, and poured another fifty.
What is the correct answer: "enter into a relationship" or "start a relationship"?
The correct answer is "well, fuck this relationship."
A new life begins with a hangover.
I'm simple.
I should go up and buy my mother all the things she wanted.
You can't be so jealous.
Can.
Dear!
I went to drink with the girls....
I will call, do not pick up the phone!
Don't push it!!!
Avoid constructive dispute resolution.
Just take offense, defiantly sit down, turn away and be silent.
Let them know.
Only fools use their mouths to speak.
A clever man speaks with his head, a wise man speaks with his heart!
Already 8: 00, on the air Oleg Dobrov and today professor of the Institute of Sleep will tell you how to wake up easily.
Professor?
Shut up, Oleg, don't fuck around.
Sex is math.
Where you need to take away your clothes, add a bed, divide your legs, and to avoid multiplication, extract the root in time.
Scientists have discovered a new sexual minority - the "drunksexual".
In the people it is called simply - "once".
Everything goes to the fact that soon they will write that John F. Kennedy was killed with a slingshot in 1963 by 11-year-old pioneer Volodya Putin.
Why think about what to give your girlfriend if there is a sixth iPhone?
Take it, call the store and order a pot.
If you are angry at the offenders, know that mint and chamomile will calm your nerves perfectly.
Which will grow on the graves of these assholes.
When I wake up in the morning, I really want to kill, but I only kill time, but I would like to kill people.
The Russian language is interesting.
Yours is a literary word, and so is mother, and at the same time, it's a dirty word!
After the release of the film The Great Gatsby, the whole world was flooded with themed parties in this style.
50 shades of Grey is coming out now ...
World, bitch, don't you dare!
Since the NSA reduced the amount of data collected about users, smartphones have been able to hold the battery much longer.
Life is pain, Everything is rotten.
Yesterday I ate carrots, today I ate grated horseradish.
Waiter, there's shit in my soup.
This is your reflection, monsieur.
It's called fall, because everything falls: leaves, temperature, self-esteem, motivation, mood.
Antosha was so red-haired that he took a shovel on his shoulder and the grandfathers ran in fear of suddenly.
Scientists-researchers in the field of sex have experimentally established that it is not so bad to be a research scientist in the field of sex!
A boy with poor blood circulation is lucky - when he lies, he does not blush.
And the sponsor of this post is Monday.
Monday - somebody shoot me with a shotgun.
The tangent vector to the world line of light (in a vacuum) is an isotropic vector.
But I'm sure you know that without me.
When my cat messes up, I don't scold him.
I just refer it to my sisters, who are 4 and 2 years old.
Vodka — because sometimes it's fun to wake up in strange places.
According to Chikatilo, all people are divided into at least two parts.
The bathroom is filled with warm water, foam, blade.
I don't cut my wrists, I shave my pussy.
A pussy that you'll never get.
Better tit Ruslan than crane Igor.
If you jump over the turnstile at 40, then your health is fine, but you should think about your life.
The law on the police comes into force on March 1.
Now the traffic police inspector will have to be called the Police Inspector of Road Regulation.
So much easier than the traffic police officer.
But check out the abbreviation-FAGGOT.
There are no words.
Cats fall in love in the spring carp when the ice melts and I love you infection all year.
I walked through the center of the city, attracting the eyes of passers-by.
Popularity, you say?
I don't think so.
Beauty?
Unlikely.
An orange chainsaw in your hand?
Quite possibly...
Working in the summer is hurting your summer.
In the 6th grade, a girl from another school blushed so sweetly when I kissed her.
She said it was wrong, that I was a teacher.
New girl, shy.
After the lobotomy, Ivan became somehow easier to look at things.
In the Soviet Union, the TV remote control was the youngest in the family.
Don't look for a stash from your husband every week.
Let him save up.
Little boy Yura, typing sand in the tray for a new cat, accidentally found the old one.
On such cold evenings, I really want to have a mutual, bright, sincere fuck.
Leaving the lesson, the boy Rusik slammed the door so hard that Patya, who was sitting at the window, also left the lesson.
A reminder for men.
If your girl is an angel, then you will work hard like hell to make a paradise for her.
I treat myself with beer, honey and cinnamon.
This method is not bad.
But no honey, no cinnamon.
So I'm already drunk.
Do you know what the most important thing in cakes is?
Stress!
Student wisdom - if the half-eaten pasta is dried, they can be cooked again.
50 shades of red red freckled.
I don't seem to smoke anything, I don't drink anything, but I have such drug-addicted dreams that I kick my ass.
If you scare the ostrich every 15 centimeters, then you can plant potatoes behind it.
From time to time, please someone, at least yourself.
Alcohol and photoshop work the same way.
If you get lost in the forest, find a tree and see which side of the tree is the goof.
It's you.
In every creative child, both boy and girl, there is a latent alcoholic or even a drug addict.
3 main lies in our life:
1.
I won't tell anyone.
2.
I love you.
3.
Life without drugs is more colorful and fun.
You won't understand anything about friendship until you're dumped by a friend who was the best.
Geese-swans flew, and sparrows – ostriches and nightingales-penguins flew towards them.
You will love Spleen, Yesenin, and me.
It's forever.
I will love Leningrad, Mayakovsky and myself.
This is forever.
Today, no one gave up a place in the minibus to a pregnant girl.
I stood there like a fool, wearing a wig, makeup, and a ball under my jacket.
After the dismissal, you realize that the friendship with some people was only because they saw each other five times a week.
"This is a joke for the chickens," said Baba Dunya, adding hemp to the millet…
I don't step on the same rake.
Noooo…
I jump on them from the heart and with a run…
Men have one religion - morondhism.
If you go on a diet for too long, you may not get up…
My life position is not to be on the other side of a free cash register.
I wish I could become a penguin and stop worrying about my figure... and start worrying about getting eaten by a navy seal.
You don't have to prove anything to anyone.
You don't owe anyone anything.
Except for ourselves.
And the wolves are full, and the sheep are okey, and the shepherd was already old anyway.
I want to take a salary increase course!
If your eyes are red on Monday, it means you missed work all weekend... crying!
I even have imaginary friends who are alcoholics.
I don't have a woman.
But, I know one madam who would seriously freak out if she heard me say that.
The head of the Ukhryupinsky police department on his birthday for his friends covered a large festive hangout.
Grandpa!
Tell me, how did you lose your legs?
Did you fight?
No grandson, just back in 2015, even at minus 10, it was fashionable to walk with rolled-up pants.
Vovochka do not hit the boy on the head with a spatula,and then you will sweat, catch a cold and get sick...
No matter what happens, my mother will always have one answer- "It's all because you sit around the computer a lot!"
Adults and children swapped places.
You are an absolutely normal woman, if drunk at midnight you really want love, and the rest of the day-a fur coat and attention!
Most populated places:
4.
India.
3.
Hell.
2.
China.
1.
Friend Zone.
The relationship ends when He or She begins to climb into the partner's mobile phone.
And it doesn't matter if something was found there or not-the couple is finished.
Mom, I'm hungry.
Shake out the keyboard, that's enough for breakfast.
My ex-boyfriend said so many nasty things about me that I started to cry.
Out of pity.
To him.
I've lived with such a hellish Satan for so many years...
A two-seater plane crashed over the city cemetery.
Rescuers have already recovered 614 bodies of victims...
And the sponsor of this post is apple compote.
Compote of apples-eye.
I will only work drunk, I will explain the essence to the authorities so once every day you fuck your brains, then vodka is my contraceptive.
Respect is when you pull out TWO HEADPHONES when you meet a person.
Oksana sleeps naked, sinless.
Oleg is at the mercy of thoughts, carnations, coffee, two condoms, in a minibus I paid , too.
"Try it, because life is already too short."
The slogan of a midget brothel.
First I put things off for the evening, and then fuck it.
Women's logic sponsor is a pelican stuck in the ear.
Pelican stuck in the ear - you don't love me!
Age test.
I always take a video camera with me.
If you did not just read this phrase, but sang it, then you are more than 20.
Is it possible to send a woman into space?
Yes, it's far enough away and quite decent.
My head went out today...
Not all of it, of course – I can eat.
Waiter!
There's a knife in my liver!
There was no need to insult the chef.
I hope you know what awaits you for perjury?
Yes!
Promised ten thousand dollars and a BMW X6!
If you are both at home, and your wife is sitting "Vkontakte" from the phone, and you are from the computer.
So you're the boss of the house.
Vovochka get up, or you'll be late for school.
Nothing, the school is open every day.
The printer decided to feel like a hungry shredder.
At the command "print" greedily grabbed a piece of paper, crumpled it into four, chewed off a piece, choked and spat the remains of the paper with ink...
I'm afraid to turn it on again.
Girls who write "I'm hard to find, but easy to lose" in the "about me" section resemble socks.
Any tattoo is temporary, if you are a Buddhist.
I was planning on going to bed a couple of hours ago, BUT SOMETHING WENT WRONG...
You ask a man to spend the night with you, and he pulls the blanket over himself and farts in his sleep.
In the morning, I'll read a newspaper And pour coffee into a cup, Everything that spoils the mood is a fact.
In order to look good on the beach in the summer, Olya began to fatten her best friend Oksana since winter.
Think of those who will carry you in their arms.
DON'T EAT AT NIGHT.
"Why aren't you sleeping at three in the morning?" a man who is also awake at three o'clock in the morning asks.
They say that many residents of Cyprus want to visit Russia to finally see WHERE the Russians are so tired, so that they can rest like this?!
Andrey, so many girls like your photos!
Are you sure I'm the only one?!
Actually, I'm Dima...
A list of things that I did for 2 months of winter:
1.
A fucking thing.
My house is in perfect order…
I always know where and what I have lying around.
People who think that onions are the only vegetable product that makes you want to cry, have never got a coconut in thier fucking face.
Every time you repost a vanilla quote on your wall, one person in the world comes out of a coma to punch you in the face.
From medicine, we have only a rouse “to health” left.
XX: can we write off later? and then I just got the movie loaded.
YY: Okay. what movie?
XX: none. you just fucked me up.
According to unverified data, today is God's birthday.
Let's congratulate him on this.
And on January 7, we will also congratulate you, don't worry.
A scalpel, an axe, and a samurai sword will help you open up from an unexpected angle.
Muscle memory is when the page has not yet loaded, and you have already put the mouse in the place where you need to click.
Share your smile, and you will remember it more than once ...
And the sponsor of this post is happy summer nights.
Happy summer nights — I'll go eat.
I get almost one and a half million rubles a month.
Wow, and you can get the exact amount, if it's not a secret.
- 20 thousand rubles.
A crow is sitting on the fence.
It would seem such a trifle!
A guy with a long stick approaches - Fuck her!!!!
Fuck! ...
Fuck!...
Claustrophobic Grigory, putting on a sweater, shouts for a while.
Don't expect someone to give you flowers.
Go to the cemetery and steal them, silly.
Andrew, when you cough, you need to cover your mouth with your hand.
Don't fuck off, Granny, my teeth won't fly out like you did last time!
Only in childhood can you be bald, toothless and at the same time remain beautiful!!!
Turnout with jam.
Waiter, I've been waiting for a chop for 200 kilometers.
XXX- Fuck, lesse 4 drunks in the yard began to fuck.
YYY - Well, who's who?
XXX - This is bullshit, some motherfucker pulled out the speakers on the balcony.
XXX - And in turned on the mortal kombat soundtrack.
YYY - aaaaaa.
They say if you can't forget a person, they don't fucking need you.
Mood: put on the profile picture a photo of a demob in the form and write to the girls in the VK under the wedding photos "did not wait for me after all, scum!"
What's the worst mistake of your life?
404.
Have you had enough problems?
Get up, it'll be knee-deep!
You're a f* * k!
Why didn't Gogol write "50 Shades of Grey"?
If you know what I mean...
How to make money?
Take a chair, put a dollar under it, sit on the chair.
Task: take this dollar.
Solution: get up from your chair and raise a dollar.
The meaning of the exercise: to earn money, you need to lift your ass.
For some reason, I recalculated my salary in euros.
I don't even want to joke.
My wardrobe consists of clothes in case I ever become a prostitute and in case I ever lose weight.
All.
You can't easily pull THE SPINE OUT OF AN ASSHOLE WHO STEPPED ON YOUR WHITE SNEAKERS.
A strong and impudent mouse not only ate the cheese, but also bent the word "more"from the spring of the mousetrap.
If a man carries you in his arms , you are in good shape.
If you don't, change this doozy to a normal man!
Nastya fell and broke her chin, but it's not terrible, because she has a second one.
Life should be lived in such a way that others are ashamed of their own.
I do not like it when someone sits down with me on the bus THIS IS THE PLACE OF MY IMAGINARY FRIEND, GET OUT OF HERE!
A group of gay men refused to join United Russia, saying that they are not so faggots.
I started actively preparing for the session, MOVED THE BOOKS FROM THE CABINET TO THE TABLE!
A girl to her boyfriend - Her parents left for the dacha…
You know what I mean?
Of course!
Tomatoes will be brought!
Twitter!
You don't want peace!
Twitter - and my heart aches with joy.
Twitter - you don't come out of a binge!
Thank you twitter!
And all that, plz retweet.
It is bad to have a higher education without having a primary one…
The main things in life are not things.
Happiness is when people who don't suit you don't go near you!
The logic teacher went crazy when he couldn't wipe dry wine with a wet napkin.
Scientist in an interview: "All my judgments are meaningless if they are taken out of context."
The headline in the newspaper the next day: "The famous scientist admitted that all his judgments are meaningless!"
One of the two most disgusting things in the world is an understatement.
I grew up at a time when a sarnie was still a sandwich.
The philologist was tormented by the question: why a piece of ice on the roof is an "icicle", and a caramel candy is a "lollipop"?
I got up early in the morning to exercise.
Well, I crushed it.
When you see the alphabet, you always look for the answer to the question: WHERE is THE HEDGEHOG?
Everyone stay on your sheets!
This is the table of contents!
Only in Russian can you make a sentence of three vowel letters:
- Eh, an' I?
Cyril and Methodius are the first people who guessed to change the encoding.
Before that, everyone wrote in transliterate.
Dad, transfer me 100!
One hundred dollars.
The Main Post Office needs leasing and marketing specialists to stick stamps on envelopes.
A certain person was asked why he uses only the form of greeting " Fiery greetings!".
He replied that the greeting "Burn with fire!" does not please everyone.
My dear, you have a sore throat!
You need to gargle.
To hell with you, Doctor!
Caress me!
In the morning, only sugar wakes up well past the cup.
In our family, only the mobile phone is engaged in charging in the morning.
Why are desktop images wallpapers?
If it's a table, then it's a tablecloth!
I'm in good sports form.
However, on the stomach it is fastened with difficulty.
Oxymoron-a combination of words with the opposite meaning, for example: a living corpse, hot snow, a bright future, vacation with children.
Give me the definition of the subjunctive mood!
Don't know...
Sit down, History!
F!
Girl, why are you crying?!
Today I learned that participles have no future.
What are your plans for tonight?
Are there any suggestions?
Only compound and compound sentences.
And yet there is something in it.
There are two hyphens in this one.
All the men float, and the women swim.
Because men wear swimming trunks, and women wear swimsuits.
It was raining and there were two students, one in a movie, the other in a coat.
Dad, what's Grandma Klava's full name?
Claudia.
Well, here we are with the boys argued that the keyboard.
Watch: shampoo against hair loss.
I'm also against it, but what's the use.
This is until there are no children you are a lark or an owl, and then, it's over: you are a zombie.
The robber attacks the teacher and yells: "Give me the watch."
She:"I won't give you the watch, take the class manual."
He held me by the waist, and I took him for an idiot.
We sat and chatted, he with his tongue and I with my foot.
You can only show your coolness with a checkmate in chess.
The subtleties of the Russian language: I went too far with salt, I over-salted borsch.
Were there printers in Harms's time?
What printers, what nonsense?!
And here, read for yourself in his story "Letter": he has not yet opened the text of the received letter, he thought that it was not from his friend!
Vovochka enters a music school.
The Chairman of the commission asks a question:
So how does opera differ from operetta?
Sorry, I had a C in Russian, so I'm not quite sure.
A suffix?
A man is riding in the subway and reading a book.
Sometimes he laughs, sometimes he sighs, sometimes he mumbles, " I never would have thought of that."
Intrigued fellow travelers can't stand it: "Tell me, what are you reading?»
The man closes the book, the title on the cover: "Spelling Dictionary".
I used to be just poor, but then I bought a dictionary of synonyms and became poor, indigent, insolvent.
A real man consists of a husband and a rank.
(A. Chekhov)
Mendel painted the steamer and demands payment according to the contract.
What is the payment?
You only painted the steamer on one side…
And you carefully read the contract: Mendel on the one hand, Odessa Shipping Company on the other…
If you find a person who understands you right off the bat, then you will soon completely lose the ability to correctly build sentences.
The professor gives a lecture:
- In many languages there is a double negation of "not" as a confirmation of "yes", but in none there is a double confirmation as a negative.
A voice from the audience:
- Well, yes, of course!
Archaeologists have managed to completely decipher the inscription on the Old Testament tablet.
It turned out that there was only one commandment: "Not with verbs is written separately.
Examples: do not kill, do not steal, do not commit adultery...»
On the Internet, good profile picture open all doors, as the ability to isolate the participial constructions.
A demonstration is taking place on Red Square.
The columns carry posters: "Freedom to Leonid Ilyich Brezhnev!".
One of the KGB officers approaches the demonstrators and asks:
- I don't understand what's going on – Leonid Ilyich is at large, sitting in the Politburo.
- Don't deceive us!
Recently, the radio reported: "In conclusion, Leonid Ilyich said."
- My love, should I wash the dishes or will you come back and wash them yourself?
- Okay my love...
- Specify, plz: "Well, my favorite", "Well, my, favorite" or "Well my, favorite"?!
- Write: I, being in a sober mind and sound memory, want to give my apartment ...
- Excuse me, but is this exactly a total dictation?
The stool is him.
The stool is her.
The only pieces of furniture that have boys and girls.
A residential complex is when you worry that you don't have a home.
The guy calls the girl: "Zhenya!
Zhenechka!
I'm getting married!"
Girl: "Oh!
I'm coming!"
Spring will drive anyone crazy-the ice is already moving.
– How to measure the strength of the hero?
- We need to multiply the mass by the acceleration!
– And could you imagine a language in which the simultaneous use of consent, denial, and doubt would express a complete thought?
– No, I guess not...
Readers read,and admirers read.
During the excavations of the Indian settlement of Tau-Hau, a golden statuette of Quetzalmigonkugankoalktenotchetlan, the god of diction and memory, was discovered.
Stirlitz shot Mueller with a silenced pistol.
The bullet hit and bounced.
"Armored", - thought Stirlitz.
«Tikhonov», – Muller thought.
– Wait, who's coming? - the sentry shouted.
- Rain, - said Stirlitz and drummed his fingers on the glass.
The antonym of "synonym" is "antonym".
The firm is looking for a new accountant.
And the old one, too.
Punishment for the model: "Three outfits out of turn!»
I click "My computer", and it does not wash!
Rose, what's for lunch today?
- Potatoes in depression.
– How's that?
- Well, mashed potatoes.
Like a potato like a potato, but so depressed ...
The village blacksmith said to the new apprentice:
– I'll take the horseshoe out of the fire.
As soon as I nod my head, hit it with a hammer.
So the novice apprentice immediately became a blacksmith.
- Private Ivanov, stand down!
Ivanov falls unconscious.
A crash...
Commander:
- What's wrong with him?
- Out of order...
People who keep all the commandments get into the reserve.
Recently, six months fly by somehow very often.
Don't just stand there.
It'll hit you again.
Many people want to have a good time, but you can't have a good time.
After the Mayan calendar, the Iyun calendar will begin.
God, how much has not been done yet!
And how much remains to be done.
Someone should be in charge of the house alone.
Russian is a difficult subject.
Spelling of particles is a separate topic, which many simply pushed.
Therefore, someone writes "Everything that is done is for the best", and someone writes "Everything that is not done is for the best".
Oddly enough, both are right.
Life is not chess.
Here, one checkmate is not enough.
Dialogue in the market.
– Is that a black currant?
– No, red.
– What's so white?
- Because it's green.
– Do you know why wolves don't eat grandmothers?
– They knit in your mouth.
Someone was laughing contagiously in the infectious diseases ward.
To Avon's surprise, the most popular answer to the question "What kind of soap do you use?" was "Gmail".
Some people mistakenly believe that white wine should be drunk with fish.
This is wrong!
People should not drink with fish.
This complex Russian language ...
Touched-to the point.
And wildly to me-come to me.
Crippled-while being treated.
We're married – we're married to you.
You're a colt – you're a baby.
Awkward things-I carry different things.
He will need it - his wife will get it for him.
We must wait – we must give.
Another nightmare of a foreigner: a matinee-an event, a diary-a book, an evening party-a student, a night light-a lamp.
- Chief, take your mother-in-law to the dacha in Komarovo.
- Five hundred rubles.
- Here's a thousand, go.
- And the change?
– Not from the dacha.
– Where have you been?
- I was running for bread.
- Did you catch up?
Waiter:
- How did you find the steak, sir?
Visitor:
– Very simple: I lifted a potato-and there it lies.
If a person is devoid of a sense of humor, then there was something for it.
If there are housewives, then there must be wild ones somewhere.
I sell firewood.
I screwed up.
Do not sit at the computer!
Sit in front of him!
Believe me – it's much more convenient!
An Englishman, a Frenchman and a Russian are talking.
Englishman:
- Our pronunciation is difficult.
We say "Inaf", and we write "enough".
Frenchman:
- O-la-la, we have something as difficult!
We say "Bordo" and we write "Bordeaux".
Russian:
- Yes, it's all nonsense.
We say "What?" and write " Repeat, please."
– You have six apples, if you give half to your brother, how many will remain?"
– Five and a half.
– Will you marry me?
– Of course, dear!
I've been waiting for this for so long!
– Then tomorrow at 8: 00.
The overalls are at Mikhalych's in the capterka.
To avoid being blown away, try not to eat after six and not to smoke near the gas station.
Received a salary.
It whispers to me: let's go somewhere!
No, I say, salary, stay at home, you're still small!
– How to cook aspic sturgeon?
- You take pollock and fill it with sturgeon.
Go hand – to-hand-wade along the beach.
A student who has forgotten his cheat sheets at home will not go into his pocket for a word.
Ad: "I sell a used keybard in gd cnditin, nly ne key gets stuck".
In my school years, I also worked with coworking cofounders on innovative startups as part of a collaboration initiated by the local IT hub of the municipal high-tech cluster.
I mean, I went to the circle of young technicians at the local Palace of Pioneers.
Yesterday, in a doorway, hooligans beat an optimist to a half to life.
Science distinguishes three types of indifference: color (purple), geometric (parallel) and musical (on the drum).
Each person is right in his own way, but in my opinion-no.
Chukcha bought a refrigerator.
They ask him:
— What do you need this fridge for?
You live in Siberia.
— To warm up during winter.
Imagine the joy - it`s -40 outside and +4 in the refrigerator.
Kolobok hanged himself.
Buratino drowned.
Kolobok goes to the bathhouse, comes out and says: «Damn, forgot to wash my head!»
At the mother-in-law's funeral two accordions were broken.
The policeman asks the child who is lost in the store:
- Why are you crying?
- I lost my parents!
- What are their names?
- Honey and Kitty...
A major official who hit two people with his car at a pedestrian crossing asks the judge:
- What are the consequences now?
- Well, the one who broke the windshield with his head can get five years for the attack and attempted robbery, and the one who flew into the bushes - up to eight, for trying to escape from the crime scene.
It is easy to make a woman happy, but it is very expensive.
By the time you get used to stand what people say about you with patience - they don't talk about you at all.
Your head is always responsible for where your butt sits.
Out of all natural juices, I can afford only my gastric juice.
If you can't work with a mouse - work with a shovel.
The most important evidence of existence of intelligent life in the universe is the fact that nobody has tried to contact with us.
Love your grandchildren - they will take revenge upon your children.
Any married man should forget his mistakes: there is no need for two people to remember the same things.
One cigarette reduces your life by 2 hours, one bottle of vodka - 3 hours.
Your working day reduces your life by 8 hours.
It's not true that married people live longer.
It just seems like it to them.
If a person is happy for more than one day, that means that people are hiding something from him.
Can a dog have a heart attack?
Yes, it can, if human conditions will be created for it.
What are the similarities between a woman's leg and a cellular tower?
The higher it is, the more it grasps your heart.
Why does a rooster sings all his life?
Because he's got a lot of wives and not a single mother in law.
Where do all the illnesses come from?
All the illnesses come from nerves, only syphilis comes from pleasure.
A man comes to the priest and says:
- I have a strong desire to live forever, what should I do for this?
- Get married.
- So simple?
And will it help me live forever?
- No.
But the desire will disappear.
- I got up early this morning and headed to the park for a run.
So I am running, and suddenly see aliens moving towards me.
- Come on, don't lie, I will never believe that you got up in the morning and ran ...
Family dinner.
Mother-in-law asks her son-in-law:
- Son, cut a piece of sausage for me.
- How much do you want, mom?
- As much as you would like to give me.
- No, mom, I don't know how to cut so thin!
- Who is a pessimist?
- This is the one who looks right and left before crossing a one-way street.
A man got tired of his wife's cat and he decided to get rid of him.
He took the cat, put it in a bag, carried it 3 km away from the house and left it there.
When he returned home, the cat was sitting on the doorstep, waiting for him and purring joyfully.
The man got very angry.
The next day, he took the cat and carried it 5 km away from the house.
And again the same story: the cat was sitting on the doorstep and waited patiently.
The man got really outraged: he took the cat, got into the car and drove 10 km straight, 20 km to the left, 7 km to the south-west and 15 km to the northeast, threw the cat there and drove away.
An hour later, he called his wife on mobile:
- Honey, is the cat at home?
- Yes, dear, he returned five minutes ago, but why do you ask?
- Give me this bastard to the phone - I got lost!
One teacher complains to another.
What a stupid class I've got!
I explain a theorem to them - they don't understand.
I explain it a second time - they don't understand!
I explain it for the third time, I even already understood it myself, but they still don't understand!
- What's wrong with you, children?
Why aren't you playing and just sitting so gloomy instead?
- We are playing.
- What game?
- We are playing adults!
Passenger of the taxi tells to the driver:
- Don't you think it's high time to wipe the windshield?
Taxi driver:
- No point, I forgot my glasses at home anyway.
During the lesson of physics:
- Vovochka, what is faster: the speed of light or the speed of sound?
- Of course, the speed of sound.
- Why is that?
- Well, see for yourself: new goals to improve people's life have already been voiced, but no one has ever seen the execution of the previous ones.
- Victim, do you recognize the person who stole your car?
- Your Honor, after his lawyer’s speech, I’m not sure at all if I had a car.
During the lesson, Vovochka was looking out the window at the park, where the boys were skateboarding, and was sadly thinking: why is it so cool in the park but so not cool in the classroom?
- Miss, what is your Zodiac sign?
- Fish, and yours?
- Mine is Fisherman!
If all states were ruled by women, there would be no wars in the world.
There would be just a lot of countries that do not talk to each other.
With age, I become stronger and stronger: a bag with 1000 rubles worth of groceries is getting easier and easier to carry.
Two Russians in Paris come to a restaurant.
The waiter gives the menu - everything is in French.
The first one makes an order:
- La meat, la wine, la salad ...
The waiter brought everything quickly.
The man says to his friend:
- So how do you like my French?
What would you eat without me?
- What would you both eat if I was not from St. Petersburg... - says the waiter.
There is a play in the theater.
In the auditorium, a cat sits on a man's shoulder and looks at the stage.
He looks carefully, and it is clear that what is happening on the stage interests him.
A neighbor of the couple saw all this and says.
- Wow, what an interested cat you have!
- I've never seen anything like it.
To which the owner of the cat replies:
- No wonder.
The cat was reading the play, and now he wonders what the director did with it.
At the end of the date:
- Great evening, how about come to my place, have some coffee?
- Well, I don't know.
Coffee for the night.
- Please!
I haven't had coffee for six months!
"Forget everything that you were taught at the university."
"You will not need it."
"I did not study at the university."
"Then we can't hire you."
- How do plants reproduce?
- Eh, when it comes to plants I really don't know.
A cowboy gallops in the prairie, suddenly he sees the Indians moving towards him.
He turned around and started galloping away from them at full speed, but the Indians are getting closer and closer.
"That's it," - thought the cowboy, - "I'm done."
But his inner voice tells him: "It's not over yet!
Turn around and kill their leader."
The cowboy turns the horse, takes aim with the carbine and kills the leader.
Now his inner voice tell him: "That it, now you are really done!"
In the morning, a man is standing at the bus stop.
Some athlete runs past, flicks him lightly on the nose and says.
Fool!
The situation repeats the next morning.
The man comes home in the evening, tells his wife about it, and she tells him not to pay attention, there are all sorts of fools around.
The next morning, the man is again at the bus stop, the same athlete runs past, flicks him on the nose and says:
- Telltale!
They interrogate Chukcha through an interpreter: - Chukcha, where did you hide the gold?
Translator: - Chukcha, where did you hide the gold?
If you don't tell us where the gold is, we'll kill you!
Translator: - Chukcha, they will kill you if you don't tell them where the gold is.
Chukcha: - The gold is buried at the entrance to the yurt.
A man telling a story to his friend:
- I'm going out one night.
Suddenly, I see a frog on the road.
Picked it up.
I came home, went to bed and put the frog next to me.
In the morning I wake up – and with me lies an awesome blonde!
Now, do you believe it?
- Yes I do!
- And my wife does not!
- Hey, Vasya, could you stop a galloping horse?
- What are you talking about, Vanya?
- Or enter a burning hut?
- What are you talking about, Vanya?
- That's why I respect you!
- Why, Vanya?
- Because you are not a woman!
Today I met an old friend, he got married a year ago.
I ask him:
- So, how are you doing?
— Well, before I got married, I didn't know you could put milk in the refrigerator the wrong way.
Father to son:
- I can't wrap my head around, how come you are so dumb?
Dumb as a piece of wood! (knocks on the table).
Son:
- Dad, someone's knocking!
Father:
- Sit, I'll open myself!
- Tanya, are you sure this soup is still ok?
- Eat, don't worry.
Tomorrow is weekend.
The mouse heard the meow of a cat and quietly hid in the burrow.
Then she heard the barking of a dog.
The mouse thought:
— If there is a dog nearby, then the cat has probably run away and now you can get out.
The cat immediately caught the mouse and, having swallowed it, said satisfiedly:
- Murrr!
Knowing a foreign language is so good!
- Dad, why did you buy a dead donkey from a neighbor?
Who needs it?
- We will organize a lottery with him as a prize as if he was alive and earn 100 times more.
- But the winner will see that the donkey is dead and make a scandal!
- Then we will return him his money...
- Captain, I have two news!
- Boatswain, come on, start with a good one.
- We don't have a single rat on board!
Mum speaking to her son:
– Son, what do you want for lunch?
– Just like my dad.
– It's time for you to have your own opinion, that you look at others all the time?
- Well, then I'll just like you.
In a supermarket, a man addresses one of the female customers:
- You know, my wife got lost somewhere in this store.
Could you please give me a moment of attention?
- Why?
- You see, when I talk to a beautiful woman, my wife always appears out of nowhere.
Call to the duty station:
- Hello, yesterday you sent an order to the address Lenin 3, apartment 47?
- Listen, please tell them to come back again.
They left their cap and gun here.
Yes and they will look at the photos, they turned out to be cool.
A man comes back home at 2 am, drunk.
His wife meets him angry:
- Go where you came from!
The husband takes out his phone, dials the number and says into the phone:
- All is good, Kolyan.
She let me go!
A traffic cop returns home late and finds his wife in bed: the bed is undone, and the wife is strangely cheerful.
- Was your lover here?
Where did he hide?
Under the bed? - The cop asks and looks under the bed. - He’s not under the bed...
In the kitchen? - and he looks into the kitchen. - Not in the kitchen either...
In the closet?!
Suddenly a hand comes out of the closet and gives him a thousand rubles.
The traffic cop quickly looks around and takes the money with an imperceptible movement:
- Not in the closet either.
So where is he hiding?!
A man hitchhikes and stops a car.
He gets into the car and says to the driver:
- Why are you taking people so easily, what if I am a serial killer?
The driver answers:
- The chances that there will be two killers in one car are practically insignificant...
One man who had not seen his friend for about 30 years, once came to visit him, and to his surprise, he counted 11 children in his house.
- You must be very happy (with your wife)?
- What are you talking about!
My wife constantly screams and grumbles at me.
To be honest, I'm scared of her.
- Then why did you make so many children?
- It's easier to get lost in the crowd.
- Raya, listen, I found out that you are cheating on me!
- This is not true!
- Besides, with an Italian guy...
- Well, this one is totally not true!
One man was given a parrot, very expensive and beautiful.
The only problem with it - it swore a lot:
- Your wife, your mother-in-law, and yourself - all of you are ... - and started giving them the most dirty names.
The man tried to persuade the parrot, covered the cage with a fabric - nothing helped.
One moment he decided to put the parrot in the refrigerator.
During the first ten minutes, knocking and terrible curses were heard from the refrigerator, and suddenly it became silent.
The man opened the door, and the parrot quietly said:
- I'm sorry, I was wrong, I regret terribly, your wife and mother-in-law, and yourself are wonderful people, did not figure it out in the beginning.
I'm sorry!
The man got touched and said:
- Well, that's alright, it happens to the best of us, forget it!
And then the parrot, with even quieter voice, asked:
- Excuse me, can I ask a question?
What did that chicken do to you?
One man was always spending his time in pubs, despite his wife's constant reproaches.
Once she was advised:
- Instead of nagging him, be nice, be nice to him, it will be more pleasant for him to come home.
In the evening, the husband comes back drunk, but his wife greets him with a kiss, feeds him a delicious dinner, then sits down next to him and begins to kiss and caress him.
Then she whispers:
- Honey, it's too late, maybe we’ll move into the bedroom?
- Maybe, why not, - the husband answers, - my wife is going to kill me anyway...
The family comes to the restaurant.
After eating, my father pays, and my mother says to the waiter:
- Do you mind, if we take the leftovers home for the dog?
Children chorus: - Hooray, we will buy a dog!
Before the exams, one student tells another:
- I always learn only one ticket - the 13th.
- And what if you pull another one?
- I always pull out this one, I know a method.
The next day, he comes into the audience first.
The professor says: "Alright, pull the ticket!"
The student pulls out a ticket, looks at it and then with the words "Damn, 13th ticket, unlucky!" puts it back and mixes everything.
Professor with a laugh:
- No, no, you pulled the 13th so you will be answering the 13th, - finds the 13th ticket and hands it to the student.
A minibus taxi.
A drunk man comes.
Driver asks him to pay, but he says that he has no money.
- But you had money for vodka? - asks the driver.
- No, my friend invited me, - the man says.
- Why didn’t he give you some for the road?
- Why did not, he did... - and the man pulls a bottle of vodka from his jacket.
A man in a construction outfit comes into an elite car showroom.
He approaches the seller and asks:
- How much is the Веntlеу GТ Соuре?
- 250,000 euros.
- And if I take a credit for a year?
- 25,000 euros per month.
- Too much, and for two years?
- 12,500.
- Still too much, and for three years?
- Maybe it makes sense to take a cheaper car?
- Maybe there is, but the board, damn it, fell on one just like this one.
The teacher asks Pavlik:
— What do you want to be when you grow up?
Pavlik replies:
- When I grow up, I want to get married, buy my wife diamonds, take her to resorts, give her fur coats, take her to restaurants, and buy her a Ferrari.
- Well done, Pavlik.
And you, Vovochka, what do you want to become, when you grow up?
— I used to want to become an astronaut, and now - to be Pavlik's wife.
A fisherman is sitting on the banks of a river.
He has two fishing rods.
On one he put a worm and throws it into the river.
On the second one he put a worm too but throws it behind his back.
A man walks by and asks:
- The fishing rod in the river is understandable.
But why is the other one?
- I will not tell you.
- Tell me and I'll pour you a shot of vodka.
- Alright, pour it.
The man poured the fisherman a shot of vodka, he drank it and says:
- Look, the fishing rod, which is in the river, hasn't been bitten yet, but the one, which is in the back – you're already the fifth.
- Lucky you, you live nearby your office.
You probably get to have lunch at home?
- No, I can’t force myself to go to work twice a day.
Dad comes home from work, and at the door he is met by a happy daughter:
- Did you buy me anything?
- No, honey, I didn't buy anything today.
The daughter turns and, leaving, coldly throws to her mother:
- Go, meet, there your husband came!
Test at school.
The teacher carefully monitors the students and from time to time expels those who is cheating.
The head teacher comes into the class:
- Oh, you are having a test?
There are probably plenty of fans/amateurs to cheat here.
The teacher answers:
- No, amateurs at behind the door.
Here are only professionals.
A general comes to the base with non-matching shoes: one is brown, the other one is black.
The lieutenant comes up to him and says:
- Comrade General, your shoes are not according to the regulations somehow.
Maybe go home, change?
- I was at home!
There are the same ones there!
Lusya is only 13 years old, but she already has an ex who ruined her whole life.
Police interrogates a man with a forged diploma:
- Tell us, where did you buy such a high-quality diploma of higher education?
- I found it in the street!
- You claim that you have found a diploma in your name in the street?
- That's right!
- And how do you explain such a coincidence?
- Well, this is no coincidence.
Passport in that name I bought later.
At a job interview:
- What are your strong qualities?
"I am a fast learner."
- How much is 11x11?
- 1111.
- Not even close!
It will be 121.
- It will be 121!
- Dad, give me 200 rubles, — says the son.
— And to me — 500, - the daughter asks.
— And I need 2000, - the wife adds.
— What happened to you today? - father is surprised.
- You forgot?
You have tomorrow February 23!
An old woman comes to a young doctor:
- What seems to be the problem?
What hurts? - asks the doctor.
- Oh, honey, my legs don't move, my arms ache, my back doesn't straighten, my head is splitting.
Everything hurts.
— Well, then.
So we will write: "Bruise of the whole grandmother".
The husband stands on the scales and pulls his stomach in.
Wife:
- Vasya, it is useless to pull your stomach in on the scales!
- I just want to see the numbers!
At the interview.
Candidate:
– I have a good feeling about this today.
– Why not?
– You wrote in the ad that you were looking for a responsible person.
– Do you consider yourself a responsible person?
- Of course.
In all my previous jobs, no matter what happened, I was held responsible.
A man knocks on the door of paradise.
The Apostle Peter comes out:
- What do you want?
- I want to go to heaven!
- And what have you done good in your life to ask for paradise?
- Well, at least once.
I was walking and saw several hooligans trying to take a handbag from a woman.
I approached the biggest one of them and punched him in the face.
- Well done, well done!
And when was that?
The man looks at his watch:
- Eh, about two minutes ago.
A man goes to church every day and prays to God: - lord, I live as a righteous man, but why do all unrighteous ones have more money than I do.
Why don't you, Lord, arrange for me to win the lottery.
Finally, one day, during his prayer he hears a voice from the sky: - listen man, at least go buy a lottery ticket!
Give me a chance to help you!
A cruise ship sank during a storm, only Nicole Kidman and a random young man escaped.
Time is passing by, they are young, one things calls for another - eventually they fall in love.
Over time, as noone comes to the rescue, they even organise their wedding.
All is well for a while but soon the man becomes somehow sad.
Nicole goes to him both ways, saying why are you so sad.
After he refuses to answer for a while, he admits that there is one thing she could do for him.
Remembering, that he saved her from a sinking ship, and now, as his wife, she agrees to do anything.
The young man took out a suitcase, which he managed to keep, and asked her to put on a man's suit.
Perplexed but resolute on doing what he asks she puts it on.
Now she almost looks like a man but her hair still give her away.
Then he hands her a hat and a fake moustache.
- Oh great.
Do you mind if I call you Alex? - he asked.
- Right.
And they start walking on the beach like 2 buddies.
The young man then put his hand on "Alex's" shoulders and says:
- Hey Alex, you will never believe who I married!
A driver in a hurry runs a red light and immediately gets stopped by a young traffic police officer.
He approaches the car and asks him:
- Your documents please.
- Nope.
- Driving license.
- Nope.
- Breathe here.
- I am drunk, can't you see?
- I see, just a moment, I'll call the captain now, he will deal with you!
He leaves.
The captain approaches the car:
- Your documents please.
- Sure, here you are.
- Driving license.
- Here you are.
- Breathe here.
- Yes, of course.
- Why did the sergeant tell me that you are drunk and without documents?
- Listen to him any longer and he will tell you that I ran a red light!
Two cars are stopped at a traffic light: a Renault Logan and a Lamborghini.
The driver of the Logan lowers his window and asks the driver of the Lamborghini:
- So, how is the car?
Does it breakdown often?
- No, it is a very good car, why are you asking?
- I just don't see many people buying it, so I wondered.
The traffic police officer stops a blonde:
- Your license.
- And what is license?
- Well, it's the thing with your picture on it.
The blonde searches in her handbag for a while and finally takes out a mirror and hands it to the traffic cop.
He looks in the mirror for a while and says:
- Well, you could have immediately said that you are from the police...
A mother comes to the kindergarten to pick up her child.
She looks around and sees that the children are in the sandbox on their phones while the teacher is sleeping on the bench.
- Why are you sleeping?
- The children will run away!
- Where will they go?
"We have Wi-Fi only within the sandbox."
A group of professors teaching engineering was invited to fly on an airplane.
After they conveniently sit down, they were informed that the plane was built by their students.
All but one rushed to the door in a panic.
They called for him to step off the plane to safety but he remained calmly seated in his place, simply replying: “I am completely confident in my students.
Knowing them, I can assure you that this piece of crap will never take off."
- Hello, police?
I was abducted by aliens!
- Are you drunk?
- Yes, somehow it coincided.
Morning.
A man and a woman are having breakfast...
Man says:
- Prepare me a toast with butter and caviar.
Woman carefully spreads butter and caviar on a piece of bread and hands it to him.
He eats it.
After a couple of minutes, he asks again:
"Make another one!"
She:
I won't.
It was a demonstration version of the caring woman.
You will be able to purchase the licensed version only after marriage registration.
A husband invited his friends home to play cards as usual.
It’s five in the morning, and they are still playing.
The angry wife bursts into the room:
- How long will this nonsense going to continue in my house?!
- Masha, do not shout, the house is no longer ours...
- Is it true that you married your daughter to your cashier?
- Yes it is true.
"But you didn’t trust him?".
"I still don't."
But now at least the money stolen from me will remain in the family.
- What is worse: when the wife does not know how to cook or when she does not like to cook?
- When she loves cooking, but does not know how.
- Mom, can a person be blamed for what he or she did not do?
- No, of course not.
- Right, so I did not do my homework.
Husband to wife:
- You are taking my brains out of my head!
- Well, that would be true if anybody put them in there in the first place...
An unsightly man in oily clothes is sitting in a fast-food restaurant.
Suddenly, three nasty bikers come in.
The first one spits in the man's glass and proceeds to the bar.
The second one extinguishes a cigarette in the man's dessert then sits at the bar too.
The third one turns over the man's plate with his dish in it and joins others at the bar.
The man, without a single word of protest, stands up and quietly leaves.
After a short time, one of the bikers tells the waitress:
- What a sucker that man was, could not even stand for himself.
The waitress adds:
- That's right, he is also a terrible driver - when he left he crushed three motorcycles with his truck.
Vovochka knocks on the neighbor's door with a huge box of toys.
She opens and asks:
- What happened, Vovochka?
- Well, I want to give you my toys for storage, they brought my newborn brother from the hospital, who knows what kind of person he is...
A husband decided to attend the birth.
As soon as his wife began to give birth, he fainted, the doctors brought him back.
So a couple more times.
In the end, he woke up, they tell him:
- Congratulations!
You are now a dad!
- Is it a girl or a boy?
- It's a girl!
- Oh!
Thanks God!
At least she won't have to struggle as we men do!
Teacher:
"I hope, Vovochka, I will not see you today copying during the test?"
- I hope so too.
"Two buddies walk down the street, suddenly one grabs the other's hand."
Let's leave quickly!
What happened?
There, on the other side, my wife is talking to my mistress!
The friend looked to the other side and said.
Calm down, this is my wife talking to my mistress!
A few men are camping around the fire and drinking vodka.
Everything is great, the only problem is a huge number of mosquitoes flying around.
They were tired of mosquitoes, they put out the fire so that the mosquitoes would not fly into the light, and hid in the tent.
At some point, one of them, already quite drunk, peeked out of the tent and saw fireflies.
Frightened, he turned quickly back into the tent and said:
- Guys!
The mosquitoes are back, this time with flashlights!
They are looking for us!
- Doctor, can you please relocate the roommate who imitates a motorcycle?
- Why?
Does the noise bother you?
- No, but the exhaust gases do.
At the cardiologist:
- Sidorov, how much beer do you drink per day?
- Four bottles, doctor.
- What do you mean four?!
I only allowed you two!
- Yes, but my physician allowed another two.
During a lesson about the foundations of Orthodox culture.
Teacher:
– And remember, children!
Those who get “A” and “B” will go to heaven.
And those who get “F” and “D” – to hell!
Vovochka asks from the back of the classroom:
– Marivanna, is there any chance to graduate alive at all?
A man is driving to a meeting, he is already late and nervous and can't find a place to park.
He raises his face to the sky and says: "Oh Lord, help me find a parking place!
I promise I will then give up drinking and go to church every Sunday!"
Suddenly a free place miraculously appears.
He again turns his face to the sky and says: "Oh, no need.
I found one!"
Husband and wife are resting in bed.
1.
Honey, would you like a cup of coffee?
2.
I would not mind.
1.
Bring me one too.
A woman calls her nutritionist: - Doctor, I think I have excess weight.
Why do you think so?
Well, today I bought a talking scales and tried it.
And what did it say?
It said: "One by one, please.".
- Hello, neighbor, how is your baby?
- Baby is alright.
But the lack of sleep affects us a lot, I don't really feel well.
- And how is Lena?
- I am Lena!
Genka looks even worse...
A man comes to complain to the store with a chainsaw that he bought a week earlier:
- I bought a tool from you.
The manual says that with its help you can cut 5 cubic meters of firewood in a day, but it does not matter how hard I try, I can't cut more than 3.
Seller: - Well, let's see.
And puts the chainsaw on.
The man:
- Wow-wow!
Why is it making all this noise suddenly?!
Two psychiatrists are talking:
- I am now dealing with an extremely interesting case of split personality.
- Oh yes, and why is it interesting?
- They both pay!
Two drunk snakes are crawling out of a bar.
One says:
- Hey, do you remember if am I poisonous or not?
- I think poisonous ...
- Oh no, it's over, I've just bit my tongue!
Two men bump into each other at a supermarket:
- Oh sorry, I did not notice you!
I've lost my wife, I've been looking for her for half an hour already!
- I lost mine too!
What does yours look like?
- Well, she's a tall, slim, full-breasted blonde on high heels wearing a mini skirt.
And yours?
- It does not matter, let's look for yours!
A student takes an exam in physics, passes very poorly.
The professor tries to help him and asks:
- At least tell me, at what temperature does water boil?
- Professor, I do not know at what temperature it boils, but I know that at 40 degrees it turns into vodka!
Before going home on Friday, doctor quickly visits the ward:
- Have a nice weekend everybody, see you on Monday, and you, Ivanov, farewell!
A teacher in the classroom:
- Guys, I must say that you are very bad with mathematics.
I think that 90% of you will not pass the annual test.
A voice from the class:
- We are not so many here.
Two girlfriends are chatting over a cup of coffee.
- I love nature, - says one.
The other one intently looks at her friend and sarcastically notices:
- And this is after what she's done to you?
Two girlfriends meet.
One says:
- Oh, Mashka, yesterday I accidentally met your husband in the street.
He told me such a funny joke - I almost fell out of bed.
A man with his dog went fishing.
He made a hole in the ice.
Starts fishing.
Suddenly a cow emerges from the hole:
- Dude, do you have a cigarette?
The man gives her a cigarette.
The cow:
- Well, okay, bye, - and dives back.
The amazed man with his mouth open looks at his dog.
The dog:
- What?
I'm shocked myself!
Doctor tells to a patient:
- I have two news for you - a good one and a bad one.
- Let's start with the good one.
- Most likely, the disease will be named after you.
By the end of the third lesson, Vovochka comes into the class with his head wrapped in a bandage.
Teacher:
- And what happened to you this time?
- I fell from the second floor.
- And what, you've been flying for the whole three lessons?
A foreign delegation arrived to the USSR.
Two plant directors - Russian and Japanese - meet together.
The Japanese director says:
- We are making machines.
Russian says:
- We are making machines too.
- I have 10 workshops.
- I have 10 as well.
- I have three thousand workers engaged.
- And I also have three thousand workers.
The Japanese director says:
- I have six engineers working.
Russian is thinking: "If I say that we have 200 engineers in the plant's management, it will be an embarrassment.
I'll say that we have seven engineers."
So he did.
On the next day, they meet again and the Japanese has his eyes all red.
- I could not sleep , - he says, - all night.
I was thinking, what your seventh engineer is doing?
A worker goes along the street and digs holes, behind him the second one fill these holes back.
A passerby wonders:
- Idiots, what are you doing?
One digs and the second one fills back?
- I'm not the second, I'm the third one.
The second one did not come, he was supposed to plant the trees.
The end of the working day.
Two HR specialists, one is old and one is young, are sitting in the office.
The old one says:
- Well, I'm done.
Let's go home?
The young one, looking at a batch of unprocessed CVs:
- I still have a whole load of work.
The old one comes, divides the batch into two halves, throws one half into the garbage.
The young one:
- How is that?!
The old one:
- They are out of luck.
And why do we need losers?
Two lawyers went out for lunch at lunchtime.
They enter the nearest restaurant, order a cup of coffee each and pull out their own sandwiches.
The waiter immediately runs up to them saying that having your own food is not allowed.
The lawyers looked at him, then at each other, and then exchanged their sandwiches.
A woman calls a fitter from a housing office and complains:
- Something happened to my wardrobe - every time a tramway passes by, the doors fly off the hinges.
What to do?
The fitter takes off his shoes, climbs into the wardrobe and waits for the tram to figure out what's wrong.
At this time, the husband comes back.
He sees men's shoes, opens the wardrobe, and sees the fitter there!
- What are you doing here?
- I'll be damned, man, you won't believe it - I'm waiting for a tram!
- Mommy, today I did a good deed!
- What is it, Vovochka?
- Two people were running to catch a train.
I let the dog off the leash and they made it!
A father with his young son are in the museum in front of a statue of Venus.
Father says:
- Look, Vovochka, if you continue to bite your nails, the same will happen to you.
A patient comes to the doctor and complains that he has something hurting between his shoulder blades.
The doctor asks:- Do you smoke?
- No.
- Do you drink?
- No.
- Do you fool around with women?
- No.
- So these are your wings began to grow!
During military maneuvers it was announced that the bridge was conditionally “blown up”.
For this reason, a sentry at the bridge does not allow an elderly woman to pass through it.
She, angry, turns to another soldier and says:
- But the bridge is absolutely fine!
And this wacko claims that it's blown up!
- I can not do anything!
I myself have been killed two days ago!
In the kindergarten there is a state of emergency: children began to use foul language.
The manageress went to complain to the military unit two soldiers from which have recently been sent to the kindergarten to repair electricity.
The lieutenant called for the guilty ones:
- No, comrade lieutenant, we did not allow ourselves nothing like this.
Private Petrenko was soldering the wire, and I was holding the step-ladder from the bottom.
Then, the tin started dripping on my head...
- Well, and what did you say?
- And I said: “Private Petrenko, don't you see that the drops of molten tin are falling on the forehead of your comrade?”
- Vovochka, you have a hundred rubles in your pocket, you asked your father another hundred, how much will you have?
- I will have one hundred rubles, Marya Ivanovna.
- You don't know mathematics!
- And you don't know my father!
A very drunk young man is trying to reach home making one step forward, three back, one forward, three back...
An old woman is watching him.
Not being able to take it anymore, she says:
- Son!
Go backward - you will get there faster!
Husband wakes up after heavy drinking.
Looks around: his cloth is washed, ironed, and hung on a chair, on the table there is a breakfast and a bottle of beer.
His wife went to work without saying a word, without a scandal.
He asks his son:
- Son, what happened yesterday?
- Dad, you came home at two o'clock in the morning totally drunk and fell on the bed.
And when mom tried to undress you, you said: don't touch me bitch, I'm married!
Husband and wife are fighting.
Wife:
- I run round like an idiot in a wheel!
- Not an idiot, a squirrel!
- The squirrel has at least a fur coat, but I'm an idiot!
Vovochka asks in the pharmacy: - Do you have any painkillers?
- What hurts?
- So far nothing, but my Dad is at the parents' meeting...
Vovochka congratulates his grandmother:
- Grandma, I congratulate you on the eighth of March!
Paused thinking.
She helps him:
- And you wish...
- And I wish a soup with meatballs!
Will you cook it?
Vovochka screams from the bathroom:- Mom, which shirt did you iron for me - with short or long sleeves?
Mom: Why do you ask?
Vovochka: To know until where to wash my hands.
A hedgehog is walking through the woods and doing the auto-training: "Hedgehog is brave!
Hedgehog is strong!
Hedgehog is the strongest!"
Suddenly a bear comes out and kicks the hedgehog with his all might!
The hedgehog flies away for about thirty meters, rolls on the ground, stands up, shakes the dirt off and, with a sad sigh, says: "Hedgehog is strong but light."
USSR.
Dictation in school.
The teacher reads:
- Once upon a time, God sent a piece of cheese to a crow...
Pause.
All students are writing.
- Vovochka, why are you lifting your hand?
- Marivanna, but you said that there is no God.
- There is no cheese either.
So what - do not write the dictation because of that?
One guy was sent by his boss to an urgent business trip.
He left immediately, straight from his workplace, and only on an airplane, taking off, he remembered - "Damn!
I have a cat locked at home!"
Two weeks later, he returns home imagining with horror that now he will have to bury his pet, who died next to a meal locked in a refrigerator...
Imagine his surprise when he found the cat in the kitchen, crying, but devouring the last onion!
A daughter runs up to her father and says: - Dad, Dad, let's leave this house!
Father: - Why?
Daughter: - The maid told me that there are ghosts here.
Father:- Daughter, get ready now!
Daughter: - Why, Dad?
Father:- Because we do not have maids!
A man is sitting in the toilet and pushing, pushing...
His wife passes by and accidentally switches off the light.
The man screams:
- Aahhh!
The wife immediately turnes the light back on and says:
- Oh I'm sorry, I did not know you were there!
- Oh it's you?
I have thought that my eyes burst!
A visitor of the park turned to the guard with a question:
- Here you have it written that walking on the lawns is punishable by a fine of one hundred rubles.
Why so little?
- Because otherwise no one would walk on them.
- Sasha, I wanted to ask you something.
Here is the thing...
- Wait, wait, you need a piece of advice or a consultation?
- What's the difference?
- The advice is free, the consultation is for money.
- The advice, of course!
- My advice to you: sign up for a consultation...
Yesterday I was having a fight with my husband.
I told him to pack his most valuable stuff and get out.
He took out his suitcase and began to shove me into it.
How not to make up after that?!
A man with a dog comes into a bar and bets with the bar visitors that the dog will now speak in a human voice.
But the dog is silent.
The man pays the loss and goes away accompanied by the laughter of everybody around.
- Because of you, I lost a lot of money! - says the owner to the dog, - Why did not you speak?
- You don't understand! - answers the dog, - Imagine how much money we are going to scoop tomorrow!
Two friends in a crowded metro:
- Damn, so crowded!
- It's strange, yesterday in the club you called it an "atmosphere".
Night in an old English castle.
A guest is confusedly running along the dark and gloomy corridor and suddenly bumps into a ghost that tells him with a sad voice:
- I've been living here for four centuries ...
- Oh so good!
Then you must know where the toilet is...
During the lesson, Vovochka is walking along the school corridor and mutters:
- Where is logic?
Where is common sense?
The director of the school is walking towards him and sees him.
- Vovochka, - says the director, - why are you not in the class?
- Well, I farted in the classroom, so they kicked me out of the class but stayed inside themselves.
So where is logic?
A plumber with a trainee came to repair the sewage system.
They approach the place and see an open manhole full of stinking brown water.
The plumber dives into the manhole, then emerges and tells the trainee:
- Give me the wrenche for 15!
And dives back.
Emerges again:- Now give me the gas wrenche!
And so he does several times.
As a result, the water finally spun and left.
Learn, son, or you'll be giving your keys all your life!
A man comes to a doctor, the doctor asks:
- How can I help you?
- Doctor, everybody ignores me!
- Next!
- My daughter, happy birthday to you!
What are you going to do, what are your plans?
- What did you do for your 20th birthday?
- You.
April 30, 2020.
News.
A huge asteroid is approaching the Earth.
Tomorrow, the brave American drillers will start from Cape Canaveral.
They will install thermonuclear charges on the asteroid.
May 20, 2020.
News.
Ah-Ah-Ah!
An asteroid with thermonuclear charges is flying towards the earth!
– Hi, I've come from the future.
What year is it now?
- 2020.
- So, the ten-year quarantine has just begun?
In the personnel department of the "Russian Post":
- Will it be convenient for you to receive your salary in envelopes?
Some of us earn 7 thousand envelopes a month…
Self-isolation in 1020:
- Dude, can we open the gate?
- Pahom, we already discussed this yesterday.
You can't open the gates, there are Pechenegs outside.
- But I have to weed my turnips.
- Pechenegs, Pahom.
- Look, we've been sitting here for a week.
- Yes, Pahom, it's called a "siege", that's how it works.
- In general, the Pechenegs have not killed anyone in recent days…
- That's because we're outside the walls.
- Are you sure?
Maybe the danger of the Pechenegs is simply exaggerated?
- Are you serious right now?
- Well, yes.
They can't kill us all.
- Actually, that's what they usually do in captured cities.
- But my turnips aren't weeded there…
The Chinese on Mars have found a new form of life and have already come up with 14 dishes from it.
Vovochka as felt that from this online education it is worth waiting for some trick.
And then, in the second lesson, Marya Ivanovna said:
- Vova, dad and mom quickly to the monitor!
Father to son:
- Have you seen that thing that peels potatoes?
- She went to see a friend two minutes ago…
The cabin boy comes to the captain of the pirate ship:
- Sir, what does the black mark mean?
- Well, then they'll kill you soon.
- But they sent me a rainbow one…
- Also not good enough…
- Did you lose your job because of the pandemic?
So you urgently need to get unemployment benefits!
- And what is the amount?
- What does the money have to do with it, it's a brochure like this.
There are two friends, one pale, thin, all starved of something.
- Mikhalych, what's the matter, what's wrong with you, were you sick with coronovirus?
- Yes, you see, I went to see my mistress, and then her husband came back from Italy.
- Oh, really!
Infected you?
- No, he didn't, but I was quarantined in the closet for two weeks....
- Who are you?
- Themis.
- Why the blindfold?
- The fucking virus!
Because of the general self-isolation around the world, the number of divorces has increased.
It turns out that when choosing a person for their entire life, people did not think that they would have to live with him for a whole week.
In what order do I change the bed linen:
1.
PILLOWCASE.
2.
BED SHEET.
3.
DENIAL.
4.
ANGER.
5.
BARGAIN.
6.
DEPRESSION.
7.
DUVET COVER.
- Dad, why is my sister's name Masha?
- Since she is a girl, her name was chosen by her mother, who loves such sweets very much.
Do you understand, Port?
- Hello, do you have any books on motivation?
- Yes, over there on the far shelf.
- No closer?
- I heard that Gleb has a new girlfriend?
- I even saw her once.
For an acquired taste.
- A taste of what?
- Strong alcoholic beverages.
- What does Lanfren-lanfra, lan-tati-ta mean?
- No matter.
You write the music for now, and I'll finish this line later.
- You won't forget?
- Oh, really!
Chat conversation:
- I like strong men with strong chins!
- I'm sure you'll like me very, very much, because I have two of them!
- Mom, buy me a dog, will you?
- Will you take care of her?
- So you buy me a healthy one!
- Good evening, Alexey.
Where is the presentation layout?
You promised to send it before lunch.
- Good evening, I haven't had dinner yet.
Painting a pen, you can accidentally forge the signature of a person named Ishishin.
- You're a pretty good and relaxed dancer.
Who taught you?
- Jack.
- What's his last name?
- Daniels.
- The safety rules are written in blood.
- I noticed.
Why the fuck did you do that?
- Yes, last week Seryoga was wound up on the shaft, we thought, what good is lost...
When Semyon Markovich wanted to go to the kitchen in slippers, he realized that his cat Vasily had already gone in them.
- Will you treat the girl to a glass of red wine?
- No, my apartment is not cleaned.
- What's that got to do with it?
- Especially if it's nothing to do with it.
- What kind of animal do you associate yourself with?
- With a wolf.
- Because you are independent and used to leading?
- No, I just ate a horse in the ravine yesterday.
- What kind of profession is a dog handler?
- None of your damn business.
The police and the Russian Guards were faced with an unsolvable semantic dilemma when they saw a man with a poster “Putin - life term!".
Husband to wife:- No, my dear, I don't like your new hat.
- To please your taste, you need to wear a bottle of vodka on your head!
- Kolya, and if there was a women's army, would you wait for me for 2 years?
- Galya, I would have joined such an army myself!
On a date:
- Vadik, it's very cold!
Give me your jacket, please.
- No, Tanya, you've already stretched one for me.
- Monsieur, you are a coward and a scoundrel, and I challenge you to a duel!
- All right.
Choose a sword or a pistol?
- I choose the sword!
- Then I'll take the gun.
In Moscow, the “March of Maternal Anger " was held.
Several police officers got a belt…
- Does the microwave work?
- Like a clock.
- It doesn't warm the fuck up…
- I'm telling you.
Works like clock…
- Do you have our map?
- no.
- Will we arrange it?
- no.
- Why not?
- I'm not going back here.
- Why not?
- Too intrusive service.
- Why not?
Lock three programmers in one room and they will create a project.
Lock the three accountants - and they will go home at 18: 00.
You've been dipping a tea bag into a mug for so long that the tea bag will soon break down and tell you where you hid the money.
At night, a man with a punch in his ass was brought to the trauma department.
They operated, sewed it up where it was necessary, and were assigned to the ward.
In the morning the district police officer came and began to question :
- Tell us how it was.
- I'm drilling the ceiling, so I'm not bothering anyone.
Suddenly, they grabbed me by the neck from behind and shoved a puncher up my ass.
- Did you resist?
Did you see your attacker?
Can you identify him?
- Yes, how to see him, he's leaning on the back!
- Maybe you shouted and the neighbors could see him?
- Yes, what damn neighbors at three o'clock in the morning!!!
Fuck who would you shout at!!!
- You know, I just hate people who look better than me.
- So you hate almost all people?
- Well, yes, but I like you, for instance.
- You bastard.
- Do you have any educational toys?
- iPhone 11.
- What does it develop?
- Envy!
The liquor store's license was revoked, and he's innocent now.
Natasha didn't believe in signs, so they took her license away.
- Honey, what is this "10 with a ponytail" test?
- This is an IQ test.
- Should I go through it?
- Don't worry.
- In Russia, freedom of speech: anyone can tell the whole truth about an official - and he will get nothing for it.
- And the one who told it?
A couple is sitting in the restaurant.
We had dinner.
The girl calls the waiter and begins to take out the money to pay.
The guy tells her:
- My love, don't, I'll pay him myself, give me the money.
I was walking along the railway one day and suddenly I see a black guy being hit by a train.
My first thought is, " Damn, it could have been me!”.
I got a job as a train driver the next day.
If you kick a sleeping cheetah in the ass, it can reach your speed up to 100 km / h!
I bought toilet water as a gift to my husband.
Tried many flavors, chose and run home, have time to pack beautifully while he is at work.
I sit there, cutting through the wrapping paper, and I hear the keys moving in the lock.
In a panic, I ran to hide everything in the closet, birthday will be tomorrow.
My husband comes in, looks at me like that and gives me away: it smells like men's perfume, your eyes are crazy and you look excited ...
He goes to the closet.
And I yell, " Don't open it! "
And he said,' Everything says there's a lover in the closet, but most likely there's perfume for my birthday.'
I once rode in a hotel's glass elevator.
A boy and his mother rode with me.
I stood with my back to them and looked out at the evening city.
Suddenly the boy says, " This elevator looks like Hannibal Lecter's cage."
I spun around, startled.
The woman screamed, and the boy was terrified.
I probably caused him a psychological trauma for the rest of his life.
(c) Anthony Hopkins.
Snowfall, I was walking along a dimly lit alley.
About 20 meters away is an old grandmother, I slowly catch up with her and see that a halo is faintly glowing around her head.
Holy shit!
I thought that I thought I was starting to get closer — it's definitely glowing!
With my mouth open, I walk around to the side...
In short, she had a flashlight on her forehead to illuminate the road.
We had a cat and a shepherd.
The cat is a good mouser.
The impudent rat ran along the site, the cat rushed into battle, but got hit in the face.
The shepherd, seeing such an injustice, rushed to help his friend.
As a result, we sat and treated rat bites on both the cat and the shepherd.
And the rats, after distributing the lullabies, quietly ran away.
We think he went to train the turtles.
At the age of 18-25, she had hair of unusual colors.
The children on the street squeaked with delight and called her a fairy or a princess.
I decided to return to the past (dark green hair), and the children already say "Kikimora".
Definitely grown up.
I remembered.
I'm driving on a bus once, and the driver's music is playing on the floor of the car, but it doesn't bother me, it's so pleasant.
The interior is almost empty, at most 10 people, does not bother anyone in general, the driver (Uzbek, this is important) it makes it a little louder.
Here one of the passengers, a drunk man, can not stand it and begins to scold the driver-coming over here, listen to your national songs, etc.
Two grandmothers nice ladies of 70 years old were sitting in the back.
One says: what a Churek song it is, it's Ennio Morricone-the lonely shepherd, let him play.
We drove in silence for a couple of stops, listening to the classics.
We sit with my husband, we both work, in the same room.
His phone rings.
Who is there is not heard, but the answer is clear.
— Sorry, I'm very busy, I don't even have time to fuck you.
My husband and I had an interesting case at the beginning of our relationship.
We lived in a rented apartment.
Summer, heat, windows opened.
Rough sex: sighs, moans, screams.
We're done, we're lying down.
It takes 10-15 seconds, and then the guys sitting on the bench begin to clap and whistle to my husband.
It's been so long, and he's still proud of it.
My daughter asks:
- Dad, who are the humanitarianS and techies?
I explained.
— Hooray, then I'll be a tech guy!
— But for this you need to count well, know mathematics and physics perfectly...
— Then I'll be a humanitarian!
— But for this you need to write correctly and beautifully and read a lot...
— Well, then I'll be a soldier!
I love to draw, I draw mostly portraits.
I never drew anyone in particular, just drew.
As an unmarried girl, I drew a picture of the guy, which I dreamed about.
I drew it and forgot it.
Many years have passed, I am already married, I have children.
I recently arrived at my parents house, and my mother took out the same drawing.
It turns out that during the repair, my mother found my drawing, and the guy from my dream is the spitting image of my husband.
I don't know what to think, but my husband and I are in shock.
There is an anecdote.
They put a young doctor in an appointment, an elderly woman flies out of it, all indignant, blushing, and runs to the head of the department with complaints.
The manager then reprimands this young man: Maria Alekseevna is an elderly woman.
She's been through menopause for a long time.
Do you tell her that she is 4 months pregnant?
- But the hiccups are gone?
We have something like a buffet for lunch at the factory.
They bring you a variety of delicious food and soup from the dining room, and you pick up what you want on your own tray.
Here we sit, having lunch, I look my foreman has collected cucumbers with little salt, cabbage put, rice, sits eating and hiccups, and water has already drunk and sighed, still hiccups.
Then I remembered this anecdote, and so with a businesslike look, looking at her crunching a cucumber, I asked: "Are you pregnant, my dear? "
Ha.
48 years old woman.
All our men look at her at once, and so carefully.
The poor thing almost choked.
Yes, I...
Yes, how could you think?
Well, and many more words, not even words...
And the rest still started to tease.
Haha.
And then the smartest one says, " Hey. . look, she's stopped hiccupping."
Medical tories.
Today, a week before the New Year, a little snow fell, less than a centimeter, probably, and all the channels are shouting with one voice – what a nightmare, what a bad weather.
I remember my Soviet childhood – then snow in winter was the norm, and not just some unfortunate centimeter, but half a meter, or even more, the anomaly was just its absence.
I remember when I was very young, I went out for a walk in the yard, and there was snow on the playground, the janitor cleared the paths there, I was walking, and on the left and right – snow, above me.
P. S. I never remember that the government raised a hype about this-everything was cleaned in a working order.
One day I tell my friend a joke:
A woman comes to the psychiatrist and complains:
- Doctor, my husband is not quite normal.
- It's easy to check.
Ask him this question:
The traveler made three trips in his life and died during one of them.
Question: during what time?
- Doctor, you understand...
My husband doesn't know much about history.
Well, my friend started laughing, and I asked her:
- Well, do you understand what the point is?
- Yes, it's not history, but geography you need to know.
Medical tories.
One grandmother came to the doctor's appointment (mine) with a request:
- Doctor, write me a certificate to cut down the trees, otherwise it's dark.
The Housing Department said that if the doctor gives a certificate, we will cut it down.
The housing department thought, joked and got off, and the doctor also joked-gave a certificate.
Medical tories.
What do you know about childhood psychological trauma?
About THIRTY years ago, my parents gave me a fancy wood carving kit.
It was one of the most epic attempts to straighten my arms.
But it was also a failure.
With the realization of my rukozhoposti I gradually came to terms.
And, only recently, quite by accident, it turned out that these elegant incisors require PRELIMINARY PROFESSIONAL SHARPENING.
Curiosities.
My daughter is cool about fairy tales from birth, and my husband, apparently, decided to correct this by reading her the original brothers Grimm.
Evening, his turn to read, I walk past my daughter's room and hear something like out of the corner of my ear: "The birds pecked out the evil sisters' eyes."
I turn gray, mentally spend money on a psychologist (for my daughter) and white sneakers (for my husband), and fly into the room at the first space station.
My daughter is lying on the bed happy.
"Yees," says my kind, loving child.
"That's more like it."
Stories about children.
A friend went to the post office to receive a package sent to his wife.
They explained that the parcel will be issued only if there is a power of attorney, attention, "with a seal".
On a reasonable question and what should be the seal when issuing a power of attorney from one individual to another, I was advised to go to the clinic, which is opposite.
In the clinic, the receptionist, not at all embarrassed, clarified, and what kind of seal is round or triangular for you?
Since the friend was in general all the same, we stopped at the triangular one.
The parcel was safely delivered.
Medical histories.
In Volgograd, a monument was unveiled to a little girl, a schoolgirl who lived in Stalingrad and went to hospitals to see wounded soldiers, played them on a trophy accordion.
The wounded soldiers were waiting for this girl and each time they greeted her with applause.
The girl's name is Alya Pakhmutova.
That's right, Alexandra Pakhmutova.
Curiosities.
In Moscow, near the metro station Trade Union there is a pet store.
They sell lemurs - sad creatures smaller than cats with a completely human look.
On the cage is the inscription: "Don't knock, they won't open."
About being ready for anything.
A young man in pajamas and slippers was brought to the observatory center on the basis of a Scientific and Practical rehabilitation Center.
When asked by the employee "if he has clothes and shoes", the guy replied that he immediately prepared himself and put on everything home-made.
About love.
The husband of one of the guests of the capital's observatory centers called and offered an employee a bribe to keep his wife "longer in the observatory."
Because now no one bothers to watch football.
Naturally, he was refused.
And more about love.
And the husband of another guest (an attentive reader has probably already noticed that the main characters of funny stories are men), on the contrary, called and asked to take him to the observatory center, because "he really missed his wife and... was hungry."
About fantasy.
In the observation space in Tsaritsyno, where children are quarantined, the child first saw an employee in a protective suit, mask and gloves.
Baby's question " Mom, why is he in a suit?
Probably, he is afraid that I will bite him" made both my mother and the staff of the center laugh.
About beauty.
In the observatory center in Sokolniki, a young girl took a lot of photos in beautiful locations and sent these photos to her young man.
On her birthday, she was given balloons and a greeting card.
The guy in love wrote touchingly: "You are the most beautiful even in covid pajamas."
SQUIRREL.
This is a story about how a social assistant in the Pererva area felt like a "007" agent.
Making an application for walking a dog:- Hello!
I need your help: bring food from my sister and walk the Squirrel.
- Of course, tell us the address, we will do everything!
The woman continues with concern:
- You know, I am afraid of scammers...
- We will say the code word - "Squirrel"!
This was Nadezhda Vasilyevna's application.
It seemed to be a simple matter: to arrange a visit to the sister of a woman who was also at home in self — isolation in another district of Moscow, and then to deliver everything necessary to Nadezhda Vasilyevna.
LET'S SHARE!
A fun event that made the residents of the area much happier.
Now more and more often older people call to get psychological help and support.
Irina Maryashina, a psychologist at the Zhulebino Shopping center, created a chat that brought together people who need communication and protection.
Now the grandparents of Zhulebino get to know each other, exchange recipes of culinary art, needlework and creativity, because self — isolation is not a reason to stay alone.
Every day on the street is getting warmer, the sun caresses the rays, and nature blooms.
In the area of" Vykhino-Zhulebino " there are still private houses.
Maria Georgievna has a magnificent garden, and its main decoration is a flowerbed with unusual flowers, the seeds of which she brought from different countries for many years.
Every spring, she shared the seeds of her unusual flowers and pleased her neighbors, but in self-isolation mode, this is very difficult to do.
Maria Georgievna shared her problem with her friends in a general chat.
Irina offered to hold a campaign "Let's share!" with the help of the center's employees.
It was supported by all the participants.
Everyone was ready to share with their new friends.
How the eyes of the pensioners shone when the staff of the center began to bring them long-awaited gifts-seeds and seedlings of plants that will delight and decorate their garden in the summer.
Don't be afraid of self-isolation!
Read, draw, plant your favorite flowers, and most importantly-stay healthy and happy!
We work for you!
I LOVE YOU, LIFE!
Margarita Vasilyevna was in a good mood that rainy day: it was good to be home and look up at the gloomy sky, inhaling the aroma of fresh pastries...
the woman was waiting for a social worker with heart medication.
They should have been here any minute.
Knowing that there were people in the world who would take care of you made the day even more pleasant.
To pass the time, Margarita Vasilyevna began to sort through the photos taken last summer.
Then she felt young and healthy: the old sores were released, and she went to classes in the project "Moscow Longevity".
What warm memories!
Here she is with Galina performing on Red Square at the Spasskaya Tower Festival.
What a wonderful day it was!
I remembered how waiting for their release, all together sang "I love you, life!".
I would like to return this moment!
Unfortunately, the phone numbers were not exchanged then.
The doorbell rang, interrupting the memory.
There was a beautiful woman standing outside the door, and the mask covering her face couldn't hide her beauty.
After all, all the beauty was in the eyes, full of light and warmth.
"Hello, I'm Inna Krokhina," the girl said and held out a bag of medicine.
And then a thought flashed through Margarita Vasilyevna's mind: "What if"?
What if this girl can help her find an old friend?
After all, Margarita Vasilyevna and Inna Krokhina, complete strangers, had something in common — the CSO.
For Inna — this is a place of work, and for Margarita Vasilyevna-the house of "Moscow longevity".
Inna, a social worker with 10 years of experience, now constantly serves 25 people.
The experience of working with the elderly is great!
She listened carefully to the woman, specified where and when they studied together with Galina.
Well, finding Galina's contacts was already a "matter of technique".
Now friends often and for a long time communicate with each other-even while on the phone and online, remember happy moments and make plans for the future!
And Inna Krokhina — an ordinary soldier of the social army — will return to her "battlefield" tomorrow, where she not only saves lives, but also sows the seeds of good and hope.
I worked in the ambulance for ten years, and a lot of interesting things happened, but my favorite story is this: a patient came to us with a newspaper in the rectum.
It was a newspaper rolled up with paper clips attached and all wrapped in duct tape.
The paper clips had cut through his gut and required emergency surgery.
When asked about the incident, he modestly said that he "really loves the news."
16 Rules of the Blues.
1.
Remember, most blues songs start with the phrase "I woke up in the morning".
"My wife is kind..." is a bad phrase to start the blues.
Unless, after that, you sing something like " ... but ugly, just a shame!".
2.
Blues-simple music.
After you sing the first line, repeat it.
Then find a rhyme.
Eg: "My wife is kind, but ugly, just a shame! / Oh, my wife is kind, but ugly, just a shame! / She has teeth like Margaret Thatcher and weighs 200 kilograms!".
3.
Blues cars are: Chevrolet, Ford, Cadillac and any broken-down truck.
Volvos, BMWs, or sports roadsters are not the blues.
The main blues vehicle is a long-distance bus or train somewhere in the south.
Although, long-distance hiking is a more important part of the blues lifestyle.
4.
Teenagers don't sing the blues.
The blues age begins with the possibility of being sentenced to death in the electric chair for the murder of a man in Memphis.
5.
The blues may take place in New York, but not in Hawaii or Canada.
Hard times in Seattle or Minniapolis are probably just depression.
Chicago, St. Louis, and Kansas City are still the best places for the blues.
The blues are also out of place in climates where it doesn't rain.
6.
Male baldness is not the blues.
And women's-is.
Breaking a leg while skiing isn't the blues.
Another thing is if you broke your leg when an alligator choked on you.
7.
There are no blues in the office or supermarket.
Go to the parking lot or at least go sit near the toilet.
8.
Good blues places: highway, jail, empty bed, bottom of a whiskey glass.
Bad: Armani boutique, presentation of an exhibition of avant-garde painting, golf courses.
9.
No one will believe it's the blues if you're wearing a suit.
Unless you are an old black one and slept in it (option: you are buried in it).
10.
You have the right to sing the blues: if you have lived to an advanced age or, at least, have not washed for a long time; if you shot a man in Memphis; if you are blind.
You can't sing the blues if you still have all your teeth; the man you shot in Memphis survived; your blindness was cured; you own a trust fund.
11.
Blues does not depend on the color of the skin.
It's just bad luck.
Michael Jordan can't sing the blues.
And Mike Tyson could.
Ugly white people have the right to sing the blues, too.
12.
If your wife pours gasoline when you ask for a glass of water - it's the blues.
Other appropriate blues drinks: cheap wine, whiskey or bourbon, muddy water (muddy water), disgusting black coffee.
Inappropriate blues drinks: Perrier, Chardonnay, diet versions of soda.
13.
Death in a cheap motel is the blues.
A real bluesman can be shot in a street fight or shot in the back by a jealous lover.
Also suitable are the electric chair and death alone on a broken cot.
A heart attack during a tennis match or liposuction won't do.
14.
Suitable blues names for women: Sadie, Big Mama, Bessie.
For men: Joe, Willie, Little Willie, Big Willie.
People with names like Michelle, Amber, Debbie, and Heather can't sing the blues no matter how many people they've shot in Memphis.
15.
Come up with a suitable blues name.
You need the name of a physical disability (blind, lame, insane); the name (see above); the name of the fruit (lemon, lime, kiwi); the last name of the American president (Jefferson, Johnson, Fillmore).
For example: Blind Lime Jefferson (Blind Lime Jefferson), Lame Lemon Johnson (Lame Lemon Johnson), Crazy Kiwi Fillmore (well, maybe kiwi is not suitable).
16.
Regardless of the tragedy of your life and the number of corpses after a visit to Memphis: if you have a computer, you can't sing the blues.
An active mother is always a disaster.
It is worse only if the rapid activity of such a mother is limited, as luck would have it, to a slow child thrust into her by an ironic nature.
So-in the rhythm of reggae.
He never hurries anywhere, does not rush, calmly drops his gloves before the departing bus, absentmindedly forgets his backpack at home half an hour before the train departs, is very friendly with his pillow, always confuses the time and slowly, with rare punctuality and very pleased with himself, comes to tomorrow where he should have been yesterday.
The relationship with life in such a child is the most direct - he goes to the store for sugar with a radio-controlled machine, so as not to get bored on the way for five minutes (which somehow turns into half an hour); goes for a walk with a dog in headphones and is terribly perplexed where this obnoxious dog suddenly went in the middle of a walk; to his grandmother in the next house for keys, he rides a bicycle (across the bridge, park and back) - in short, he knows how to get maximum pleasure from any life.
If only it wasn't for my mother.
And the mother - well, just as not in itself!
It is impossible to sit quietly in the bathroom - after half an hour, he breaks down at the door with screams:
Haven't you washed your hair yet?"
To go to school, and algebra has not yet begun!
And when you wash up here, if the bathroom has just been filled up to try out a new gas mask-no joke, yesterday I had to skip a whole gym class with a friend in order to have time to go to the suburbs for him before the end of classes!
Well, here he comes out, like this, from the bathroom - pink, clean, on the positive side: a gas mask-bomb!
Even now, plug in the air cylinder - and you can dive anywhere - it keeps it completely!
And the mother:
- Washed your hair, finally?!
Fuck it ...
I forget about the head!
I don't want to climb back.
I washed my hair over the tub somehow.
Shampoo sticking out of my ear-figs with it!
Under the hat, it will be wiped off somehow.
And so he was already late everywhere: a friend in the bathroom called fifteen times to get him out early and go for him before school, but where already ...
Algebra for some reason-they never check it anyway...
And my mother just pushes it!
She rushes around the house like a madwoman: the uniform is already laid out on the stool in order - she would have climbed into it herself if she could!
The briefcase is hospitably opened-as if with a hint, aha...
And so he sighs heavily and begins to open all the doors in the kitchen in a row to find something delicious and, so be it, to have a snack before school (although this algebra has discouraged all appetite).
And his mother was right there-poking his nose in the refrigerator!
Razvrachivaet for shoulders - and directly to the white monster: say, there is nothing to prowl, eat borsch!
Horror...
it is also necessary to warm it - the cold one can not be pushed there at all...
And the child begins to slowly drag a pan out of the refrigerator.
Mother jumps around the apartment: then she has dad's jeans in her hands - then there are no jeans, but there is washing powder; then the dog bowl is empty; pop-and the dog bowl is already full!
And how did she manage to squeeze through to the refrigerator faster than he did?!
- Do you know what time it is? - she yells.
Did you even see the clock today?!
The child consistently answers to himself: I don't know; no; I didn't see - and carries a ladle in borscht, so that less cabbage, there, different beets ...
And mom-slap on the hand! "and now there's a ladle full of all this stuff!"
And she's already dragging it into the plate!
Well, a nightmare...
Now he will not eat this borscht in half an hour...
and she will add sour cream to it-smack!
For complete enjoyment.
- Do I have to warm it with sour cream? -the son tries to get away somehow, but the mother only glares furiously - it is better not to argue with her in this state.
Don't even talk.
And he shakes his head to think about ways to create an oxygen tank, and with two hands to push a plate full to the brim into the microwave.
And at the microwave, the door, as luck would have it, does not open to the width of the plate - there it is left by her mother with a pot of borscht propped up.
And it would be nice, of course, to put the plate down, remove the pan and open the door, and then put the plate in there, but it's all very troublesome.
And the child elbows, elbows this pan, slowly, so as not to spill from the plate, and, in general, the pan already gives in - just a couple of centimeters more, and the plate will fit.
And he, meanwhile, almost figured out how to make an adapter on the neck of the eggplant, so that it is closely adjacent to the hose of the gas mask, and cheered up.
Then suddenly-the mother.
Out of nowhere, it swoops down from the side and even rushes towards him with a hiss:
- When are you going to eat?! - he clutches his plate, opens the door with a wide, sweeping gesture, and ...
They both stand and watch as borscht, pouring out of the pot in waves, stuck between the algebra and geometry textbooks, hangs on the green notebooks, seeping deeper and deeper into the bowels of the briefcase...
And they just can't do anything with laughter!
No way!
The only thing that can save a family with different temperaments is total universal frivolity!
One day I will write a long, difficult novel, which will be called "Life with my grandfather", but in the meantime-catch the sketches!
When moving, my grandfather found an elegant way to get rid of old junk, which, as you might guess, has accumulated quite a lot in 84 years: shifting piles of good from place to place, my grandfather pulls out some fossil from this pile (a broken table lamp "Fungus" in the sixties, a worn-out cap, an open door lock, a useful brochure " Tentorium") - and then he gives it to you!
It is impossible to refuse my grandfather - he is an old soldier, he does not know the word "no"!
In response to all the objections, he recommends not to rush, but first to consider it carefully - after all, they do not do such things anymore!
A week ago, he gave me a former grandmother's sweatshirt, which, due to frequent holes, could not be used otherwise than a rag - and for a whole week now, he has been sneaking up on me from different sides, looking sweetly into my eyes and slyly asking:
- Who gave you such a nice new floor rag?
My grandfather especially likes to dress everyone: a year ago, when he was still young and we drove his grandmother to the shops, my grandfather often became a victim of sales.
And it was useless to explain to him that we don't wear ANY shirts, that it is inconvenient for men to wave their hands in them for various needs, and I hate to iron them.
- Just show them!- my grandfather whispered softly.
- It's style!
- It's fashionable!
The shirts did have a certain uniformity - they were all equipped with an extraordinary number of pockets, stripes, and inscriptions in dubious English.
While I had time, I sewed them into covers for the ironing board, but new shirts were saved up faster - in the end, my grandfather still found a pair of unworn, with tags and price tags (he never hesitated to hint at the scale of his generosity), in the dusty depths of the pantry.
But the worst thing is with unfamiliar people.
For the resolutely and irrevocably rejected gifts, from which nothing can be sewn, and not even a rag can be cut out, the grandfather puts in a special suitcase, and I will now tell you why.
He had a neighbor in his former house, Alyosha, fatherless, depressed by the tender care of his mother, sister and grandmother, a shy and easy-going young man who did not refuse his grandfather once and since then has been endlessly gifted with empty glass containers, waste paper and solid wood furniture, which his grandfather did not have the courage and strength to throw away on his own, as well as many invaluable instructions.
It's been two months since Alyosha got rid of the painful neighborhood, but my grandfather managed to stick to the poor guy with all his heart, and despite our vigilant participation, he constantly tries to plow the guy to some kind of asceticism (in the sense of moving some furniture).
In response to all our admonitions that, they say, we are there for this, and that, after all, you can not so abuse someone else's spinelessness, grandfather stubbornly frowns and answers sternly:
- Nothing!
- He must respect the old man - I have done so much for him!
So, about the suitcase.
This is for Alyosha.
One day fate brought me to a scientific conference in Belgium.
The beautiful medieval city of Ghent, a relaxed event schedule, waffles, beer, castles...
what could go wrong?
As it turned out-two things.
First, my superiors decided at the last minute that I needed to meet with representatives of a couple of other Belgian universities.
Well, Belgium is small, what is the problem between the blocks of the conference to go to another town?
Well, that's okay, we are used to it.
But the fact that I caught a cold on the road, and a cold with pressure drops in the plane quickly turned into sinusitis, has already become a problem.
For those happy people who do not know what sinusitis is - I explain.
In simple terms, this is such a super-runny nose, in which the sinus sinuses on the sides of the nose become inflamed and hurt like hell, and you can't breathe through your nose in principle.
The lack of oxygen still gives you the feeling that you are wearing a sealed helmet, but the air is let out in a trickle, and you have to breathe twice as often.
All these wonderful feelings I discovered on arrival, in the evening at the hotel.
To perform, or even just to negotiate, when you blow your nose every minute, and in the breaks, like a fish, you open your mouth and swallow air - so-so idea.
We need to do something urgently.
Fortunately, I am an experienced person, and I had a personal anti-sinus kit with me.
The kit consists of vasoconstrictor drops, a large syringe and saline solution (to wash the nose) and special drops (to fight infection).
Well, after praying, let's go.
By the middle of the night, I realized that I didn't want to die so much anymore, but I didn't even have enough saline for my morning treatments.
Well, when did this confuse a Russian person?
That I myself will not make a solution of NaCl?
It remains only to get the salt.
With this thought in mind, I went to the restaurant, hoping to steal a couple of bags.
The salt was there.
There was a lot of salt in it.
In salt shakers.
I quickly gave up the idea of stealing the salt shaker: I wouldn't make a Margadon ("I stole the salt shaker, I didn't disdain it"), and there were a lot of people nearby, and it seemed to me that they were all looking at me.
I went to find a waiter.
It turned out to be a young, handsome Moroccan with dreadlocks and the appearance of a movie drag dealer.
I asked, they say, to pour out the salt in a brotherly way.
The Moroccan, although he spoke excellent English, did not understand me.
So he asked me again in English.
Then in French.
Then in English again.
It felt like asking him to pour out was not new to him, but salt?
Why salt?
Convinced that yes, I need salt, no, I need it in the room, not here, he began to look for where to pour it.
At this point, I pull a small bag out of my coat pocket with the gesture of a magician and hand it to him: it's all right, bro, I have a container with me.
The bags, I must say, were registered in my pockets with the beginning of walks with the child.
A necessary thing, I swear to you.
The guy glanced at me again, put some salt in the bag, and was very happy when I left.
I stormed through all the procedures, rushed to the conference, and right from it-on the train to another city, to meet with representatives of another university.
On the way back, when my head was beginning to clear up a little, a thought struck me like a bolt of lightning.
The room must be cleaned.
And what will the maid find?
A bag of white powder, a syringe, and a bottle of clear liquid without markings (my custom-made nose drops).
And what conclusions can she draw, given that I am Russian?
Fuck.
I Googled the phone number of the Russian consulate.
I Googled what the Dutch word would be "I need a translator from Russian", because with my luck, I didn't expect the police to know English, and my French was clearly not enough to explain such a delicate issue.
I Googled the conditions in the Belgian bullpen.
Then we arrived in Ghent and the Wi-fi ended.
In my room, the entire anti-sinus kit was neatly folded by careful hands, like the rest of the previously scattered things.
To this day, I don't know if they just have a diligent maid or what.
The next morning, I saw a Moroccan I already knew watching me from the back office.
Then I noticed that he wasn't the only one watching, but called the second waiter, the cook, and the receptionist.
I was afraid that he would call all my relatives and friends, so I went to the conference.
Yeah, I forgot to tell you.
My poor nose suddenly felt better and I was able to perform normally!
Either the Belgian salt is so useful, or the adrenaline helped.
The fact is that epinephrine is part of complex antisinusitic drops, it does something useful there.
And that day, as I walked to my room, I had a lot of my own adrenaline pumping.
One day in September, the whole family went to a food fair, at that time such events were not organized so often.
The fair was located on a large territory next to the cinema "October".
There were a lot of people at the fair, all running back and forth, buying fruits and vegetables, taking a queue at trucks with the words: We
walked slowly around the circle, standing for a long time at a wooden pole with gifts hung on the wheel for the brave ones who would dare to climb it.
And without being noticed, we came across a car that sold shoes briskly.
There were a lot of shoes for adults and children, but the most delicious piece was the red children's boots, which my parents immediately offered me to try on.
My breath caught in my throat.
The boots were leather, with long leather stripes on the studs, and white fur inside, which neatly framed the top.
The parents decided to take the boots a size larger, so that by the fall they were just right.
A moment later, the boots were put in a box and handed over to me.
From that moment on, the desire to wear boots haunted me.
I kept putting them on and taking them off.
And one day the desire to appear in them on the street took over!
The last week of September was hot, but I wasn't hot at all in my boots at the bus stop.
When I left the house, mom and dad were at work, and on the way home from school, where I went to the second shift, I managed to change my shoes in front of the house for the season, so that no one would suspect anything.
I can't even imagine how comical I looked in the heat in these red boots with a white edge!
But, as you know, in Soviet times, to be happy, you didn't have to have loafers or brogues.
It was enough to have the cherished red fur boots with rivets in the box.
If there is a Chuck Norris in the USA, then in our house the heroine of stories in this style is the legendary Ilinishna.
By the way, to this day I do not know her name.
Here is what was gathered from the local folklore about the neighbor.
They say that in her youth, Ilinishna pushed the core.
So successful that it pushed her out of the range of the earth's gravity.
Evil tongues still say that one day it will return, and if it does not burn up in the upper atmosphere, the promised apocalypse will happen.
On December 21, we survived, the core did not arrive, but for some comrades, living with Ilinishna in the same reality is a separate hell.
I heard that a thief broke into her house once.
Then he was very grateful to the police who took him away, kissed his hands, barely tore off and handcuffed him.
He stuttered for a long time, woke up in the cell at night from nightmares.
He asked if we had a protection program, like in American movies.
I was upset when I found out that it was only for witnesses.
As for the "drug addicts-prostitutes", the only moth of the district, Masha, became a nun after two random meetings with her grandmother, and Igor, a lover of hallucinogenic mushrooms, now grows exclusively tea and dreams of serving in the police.
Collector Grigory, who accidentally disturbed the sleep of our neighbor by knocking on the door opposite, now shudders when he meets her, and asks if any help is needed?
Financial, for example.
And the pensions are now small.
When babulentsia goes to the square to read the newspaper, the crows croak in a whisper and shit exclusively in the urns.
Preferably, away from my grandmother's shop.
By the way, it is at such moments that everyone begins to make repairs abruptly, from time to time frantically glancing out the window.
(Fact)
A well-known ufologist and fan of Ren TV programs, Sergey Petrovich, from the second entrance, said that Ilinishna is the only reason why the alien fleet has not yet attacked the planet.
They wait.
They hope.
But Granny's health is strong.
Since 1922, it has already outlived Lenin, Stalin, Brezhnev, Khrushchev and Mavrodi.
Outlive the aliens, too.
As long as Uncle Stepa, Ilinishna and Chuck Norris are on guard, you can sleep in peace.
Hello, Peekaboo!
Today is Tuesday, which means it's time for a new story about my very first trip abroad.
Pour yourself a cup of tea, make yourself comfortable, and we'll start.
But before that, let me say hello to my subscribers, who have already increased by 1250%!!!
You are just super, I love you!
Thank you for being here and for inspiring me to write new lyrics.
Joy to you, happiness, cats and (who is a motorist) - no nail or rod!
In the previous series.
Last time I told you about the surprise that suddenly fell on me in the form of a trip to Paris.
Preparing for this very trip, as well as about Nicolas, who got into an interesting situation, after which we became friends with him.
Meeting of two delegations.
And so we leave the airport, and we are met by a delegation from a French school of 5 children plus two teachers.
We were divided into pairs, and each pair was introduced to a French student who was something like our guide.
Nicolas asked to be my partner, since I didn't speak French, and the third was a lanky, dark-skinned boy named Olivier.
Kavaleria Semyonovna began to purr something long and enthusiastically in French, everyone except me answered her from time to time, and I looked around, looking at the streets of an unfamiliar country.
For some reason, I had a rather stupid idea that everything should be different here, but I didn't know what exactly.
Yes, this is understandable - I knew about other countries only from films, and these films left the most contradictory impression, and this, in turn, was projected on my perception.
Now I realized that, in fact,the difference is not so big.
The same people, but maybe dressed a little differently.
The same cars.
The same garbage on the street.
In general, the same as we have.
Only they say it differently, but that's the details.
I was pulled out of my deep musings by Nicolas, who simply tugged at my sleeve and told me to keep up, and then added something in French, which he and Olivier immediately giggled at.
I was offended, and I wanted to tease Nicolas with some sharp phrase in English, so that he also did not understand anything.
My brain worked almost instantly, and I gave out a phrase from Duke Nukem quite loudly: "Your face, your ass - what's the difference" ("I don't see the difference between your face and your fifth point"), and I gave it out with such a gloomy muzzle that, probably, it gave it an additional comic.
Olivier immediately reacted to this, laughing even louder, and a man turned around and also smiled.
I immediately received a remark from Kavaleria Semyonovna, but I smiled like an idiot - after all, it seems that they understand English here, which means that I certainly will not be lost.
With this small but important discovery, I boarded the bus with everyone else to go on a long tour of the city.
A red double-decker bus with padded seats closed the doors and we set off softly through the streets of the French capital.
At first it was not very interesting - the road from the airport quickly got bored, but then, when we entered the city, it became really interesting.
The old houses, which I absolutely adored (and still adore), the narrow streets, the huge shop windows, and the abundance of neon signs in an unfamiliar language made a huge impression on me.
It felt like the air itself was glowing.
I stuck to the window, absorbing the impression of a new city, and almost did not listen to the guide, who was broadcasting in French, probably telling something very interesting.
I definitely liked this city, and I really wanted to get to know it better.
We drove around the city for quite a long time, stopped several times - visited the Eiffel Tower (which, to be honest, did not impress me), took a walk near the Louvre, and also took pictures at Notre Dame.
Finally, tired, we reached our hotel.
It was located near the Northern Railway Station (this was the first thing I learned - in case I got lost), and was located in an old building.
Inside it was quite cozy, in the lobby there was a reception desk, where an elderly receptionist stood in an immaculately clean uniform.
He had tired dark eyes, a pleasant smile, and a bald spot that glittered in the lamplight.
A couple of funny stories will happen to him later, thanks to which he will get the nickname "Coles", but more on that next time.
And now he's handing out our keys and telling our teachers something.
Finally, we were shown to our room, where we checked in with Nicolas.
There were two separate beds, a telephone, and a huge window opening onto a tiny pentagonal courtyard.
We packed up and went down to the cafe for lunch.
And here I fell in love with Paris even more - there was a lot of food and it was incredibly delicious, you could take as much as you want.
Then I find out that it's called a buffet for some reason, but for now I just enjoyed my lunch.
After that, we had half an hour of time, and we could go for a walk around the city, who was not particularly tired.
Nicolas said that he was tired and would not go anywhere, and I was happy to go for a walk with a fairly thinned "delegation".
Bum, snickers and grapefruit.
We walked through the streets, I listened to an unfamiliar speech, peered into the large shop windows.
And then, when we were passing by a small market, and decided to go there, I remembered that I had several double "sneakers" in my backpack, and I decided to immediately grab one of them.
But as soon as I took one of the packages out of my backpack and started cracking one of the bars, a local tramp appeared from somewhere and started talking to me in French, pointing at the snickers.
I felt sorry for him, and I gave him the second bar.
He shook my hand and motioned for me to wait, then went to the nearest grapefruit stand.
There he stole a couple of ripe fruits and was already heading towards me, when suddenly the owner noticed it, and with terrible curses attacked the homeless man.
They began to fight, hit the tray, grapefruits and other goods flew to the ground, but the people around reacted somehow sluggishly, just bypassing them.
We decided that we didn't want any trouble and just went to the hotel, especially since everyone was tired and it was almost 10 pm.
I struggled up the stairs and knocked on the door with the last of my strength.
They didn't open it for me.
I knocked again, and again, and again (only with my feet and hard) - the same situation.
I went down to the desk clerk and asked him in English if there was a key to our room, and he told me a story that my neighbor went out somewhere and didn't give him the key.
When I asked him if he had a spare key, he said no.
Then I realized that Nicola was not in the room, and that I had to go for help, but to my horror, I found that I did not know which room our teachers were in.
I asked the desk clerk, but he didn't even try to hide the fact that he didn't give a shit about me.
Then I decided to go through all the floors from top to bottom, maybe I would meet someone - but again, no.
In the end, I resigned myself to the idea that I would need to sleep somewhere, went downstairs and settled down on a chair, but the receptionist told me in a hard form in English that I could not sleep there, and that I should go to my room.
When I told him I couldn't open the door, he suggested I call the police to look for my neighbor.
And here I do not know why, but I refused.
Apparently, I was so tired that I just nodded my head and found a secluded corner with two armchairs and a coffee table, settled down in an armchair, covered my jacket with my head and fell asleep.
I was awakened by someone's loud voices, who were clearly arguing about something very hotly, even I would say, cursing.
I got out from under my jacket, and saw a policeman, who, noticing me, shouted something.
To be honest, I was scared, I thought that the police came to the hotel because of the incident at the market.
But then Elena Andreyevna, Kavaleria Semyonovna, a sleepy-eyed Nicolas, and Coles came running to me.
Elena Andreyevna squeezed me in her arms, took me by the hand, and led me along, cursing at the policeman, who stood like a beaten dog and babbled something to the policeman.
There were tears in her eyes.
To my question, they say, what happened, she said: "Later, Auton, later.
Go to bed, honey, you've had enough."
When I passed by the clock, I saw that it showed about 12 am.
In the morning I woke up in a good mood, and the events of the night seemed like a distant dream.
I washed, dressed, and went down to breakfast.
There was another desk clerk, a big, good-natured man with a childish face and a huge mustache.
He greeted me politely ("Bonjour"), to which I replied just as politely.
When I entered the cafe, I saw that all our people were already there, almost finished with breakfast, and Elena Andreevna came up to me with a smile on her face.
"Well, hero, did you get enough sleep?
Now tell me where you've gone!"
When I briefly told my story, everyone started laughing together, and then, when they stopped laughing, they told their version of events.
It turns out that Nicolas left the hotel on the street to catch up with us, and he was just seen by Coles, to whom, by the way, he gave the keys, and Coles put them at the reception.
Then Nicola decided he wasn't going anywhere and went back to his room.
Coles was just out of town, and he didn't see Nicolas come back.
Nikolai, in turn, did not make it, just took the key and went to the room.
There he fell asleep without his hind legs, and did not hear me banging on the door.
Coles, not wanting to bother, told me that there was no spare key, and that Nicolas had gone somewhere, and that he had forbidden me to sleep in the hall so as not to get into trouble.
When our teachers went through the rooms before going to bed to check that we were all right, they couldn't wake up Nicolas, and went down to the Wheel, which told them that Nicolas had gone off into the sunset, and when they were horrified by this, they asked for the key to the room - they needed to see if there were any things left.
Coles, finding that the key is not there, like a magician (surprise!
Surprise!) found a spare key, and they ran to the room, where they found Nicolas snoring, who did not even have the strength to undress.
But the question immediately arose - where was I then?
The bald desk clerk remembered seeing a boy who tried to get a spare key from him, but he didn't give it to him (and who knows these schoolchildren!), and in the end the boy went somewhere.
I can't even imagine how much gray hair Elena Andreevna has got.
They began to look for me everywhere, found my place of solitude, but since I was covered with a jacket over my head, in the semi-darkness they thought it was just a jacket.
But at least that meant I was in the building.
Then they called the police, who rushed over and searched everything, which, in fact, woke me up, and I was safely found.
Coles, by the way, received some serious warning for this, and apologized to us several times, but we did not hold a grudge against him.
As a result, after a great breakfast, we, cheerful and charged with the energy of a new day, moved to the Louvre, where our French friends and new adventures were waiting for us.
Thank you all, all the best, cats and a good week!
Yes, I will be very happy to read about your impressions in the comments - I experimented a little with the presentation of the material here: I tried to make the sentences a little less long, and also broke the narrative into blocks.
I did some work here and met local locksmiths, one of whom, a cheerful and talkative named Oleg, told this story.
I'll tell you now.
You'll be shocked.
Listen.
In short, I had eight accidents last year.
EIGHT!
Wait to be surprised, Seryoga, everything is still ahead.
So all eight accidents were not my fault, I was the injured party.
All eight accidents were the same-blind deer were changing into me without looking in the mirrors.
All eight accidents are cheap-my bumpers were shuffled, my wings were scratched.
All eight accidents were resolved without problems.
Five drivers paid on the spot and three were registered through insurance companies.
All eight accidents were committed by TAXI DRIVERS, fuck them!
As you may have guessed - three worked on branded cars for the federal services, and five taxi drivers with antennae on their own.
You may be surprised, but not too much.
Wait a bit.
Well, this is the year, I thought, now a new one has come, the twenty-first and all that, everything will be different, and so on.
And on the third of January, he took his wife - Marinka-to visit.
I got up in my car at the entrance, waiting for my wife, and then my neighbor passed by.
Roman is his name.
The security guard in the supermarket, the temperature is measured there, sits, a man in his sixties, moved into the next apartment about three years ago.
A normal man, we communicate a little.
Well, the snow was removed from the parking lot together, he gave me a compressor to pump up the wheels.
In short, a neighbor is like a neighbor.
He went to warm his car, and then a few minutes later his wife came out.
We went.
We drive across the yard and then Roman, the fucking security guard, starts backing out of the parking lot right at me.
Straight, bitch in the middle of the car.
Well, I accelerated, jumped forward, but he pulled the rear bumper off me.
Ah ept your mother, ah new year, aha.
The neighbor jumps out and lets kill himself, as if he has committed a fatal accident here.
He hits his legs with his fists and shouts.
Bitch, here I am a deer, I started to go, I didn't even look!
How so?
How so?!
That's enough, we need to put the rights on the shelf, from old age, I'm already eating my head off.
Well, the guard is really worried.
I tell him, so they say and so, don't worry, what are you doing?
Well, a trifle.
The bumper will be returned to my place, especially since it is already kotsany, nothing terrible, we will not call the gaits, we will sort it out somehow.
And he:
-Yes, that's all, I've already left, and if there were children walking here, I would have run them over the fuck!
That's it!
This is not even a ringer, but a bell!
Senility, Oleg.
AND I'VE BEEN A TAXI DRIVER FOR TEN YEARS WITHOUT A SINGLE ACCIDENT!
Would you believe it?
I just fell out.
Well, I can't believe it.
I believed him.
The situation was sorted out, but now I not only hate taxi drivers, but also understand perfectly well that this year will be a continuation of the previous one.
I read this post and remembered 2 situations from my childhood - a puddle and a tree.
I'll tell you now.
Puddle.
My best friend Irochka and I went out for a walk in the winter.
There was a thaw.
And we were 7-8 years old.
We wandered around the yard, and decided that we need a sled.
According to the good old tradition, they began to shout "mama" under the windows, calling Irina's mother to the balcony.
When my mother called up and went out, we asked her to throw the sledge off the balcony, which was also a tradition.
Well, do not go after them!
The sledge arrived safely to us from the 9th floor, we took it and went to have fun in the kindergarten.
There were fun playgrounds, and we walked in kindergartens until we became parents ourselves and the children finished kindergarten.
So - we came to the kindergarten.
There was a porch with a broken floor.
The floor was completely missing, and the depression was 50 centimeters.
At the bottom there was ice, and on top-water, a whole lake.
We began to play the long-distance captain.
The captain stood with his feet on the sled, and the assistant pulled him to the shore.
First I took Ira for a ride.
Then they changed.
And here I stand on the sledge, like a brave captain in the bow of his frigate, very proud.
Ira pulls the sledge slowly to the shore.
And then I wanted to speed up.
"Hurry up!"
Ira instantly executed the command - and kaaak will pull the string!
And the sledge-ship went out from under my feet.
I remember this moment very well - how slowly, for an eternity, I fell.
The waters of the puddle closed over me.
After a few seconds, of course, I surfaced.
And I was dressed in winter: a fur coat, thick wool pants, a fur hat, a sweater, tights, and so on.
And everything got wet.
Because when I surfaced, I started bawling beluga all over the yard, sitting in this puddle up to my waist.
The drama was compounded by the fact that Ira, my damn best friend, just like in the poem by Grigory Oster from harmful advice, laughed to tears on the shore!
"If your friend is the best,
I slipped and fell -
Point your finger at your friend,
And grab your stomach.
Let him see, lying in a puddle -
You're not upset at all!
A real friend doesn't like it
To upset my friends! "
To my wild screams, Irina's mother came out on the balcony, apparently called my grandmother and reported our emergency.
Very quickly, both her mother and my grandmother rushed over and took me home to dry.
All the way, I loudly shouted that I now hate Ira and will never be friends with her again.
Ira laughed.
The next day we naturally reconciled.
She described to me in colors HOW it looked from the outside, and then I laughed for a long time.
Until now, this puddle is in the top of funny stories from childhood.
Tree.
Summer, the village of my beloved aunt, I rest there with my mother.
I loved it very much since childhood and still love to read.
My grandmother taught me to read at the age of 4, and I have not parted with books since then.
Then I was about 9 years old.
Near our house in the village grew mighty, in 3 girths, century-old willows.
On one of them, I sat comfortably with Volkov's book "7 Underground Kings".
In the middle of the tree, at a height of 5 meters, there was an extremely comfortable platform, on which I stretched out deliciously at full height, and while eating the stored sweets and marshmallows, I read.
Then my mother called me to dinner.
I closed the book and prepared to go down.
I caught sight of a rather convenient twig, which I leaped on, as nimbly as Mowgli, and caught hold of it with my hands.
But I didn't take into account the fact that it was dry and rotten.
I remember how I saw my shoes flash in the air, because the scale of the jump was notable, and then just the light went out.
When I woke up, I saw my terrified mother.
I was bleeding from my mouth because I had bitten my tongue so hard.
For the first few minutes, I couldn't say anything - I could only exhale, and my vocal cords were blocked.
The first phrase I managed to utter : "Will I live?"
It was the only time in my life that I lost consciousness.
Since then, I have a slightly curved spine in the thoracic region, because I applied myself to the roots of this huge tree.
Fortunately, I didn't break my back, just slightly dislocated the vertebrae.
There was also a fail when I got a concussion when I was 4 years old, just standing up abruptly under the table.
But more on that later.
Yevgeny Evstigneev.
Alla Pokrovskaya said that Efremov so infected his actors with a love for the Stanislavsky system that any gatherings ended with discussions on this topic.
Once on tour in Romania, the artists gathered after a performance in one of the hotel rooms.
As usual, we were talking about the Stanislavsky system.
Kalyagin and Gaft argued about the System, and Yevgeny Evstigneev, who had marked the end of the working day the most, fell on the bed and fell asleep.
In the end, Gaft and Kalyagin argued so much that they decided to find out who would play the best etude on the “Assessment of the fact”.
The plot was invented as follows: a person is waiting for his turn at the public toilet stall.
He waits so long that he can't stand it, breaks down the door and finds the hanged man there.
They took the trouble to build a hanged man out of a pillow and put him in a closet.
One played a genuine horror and ran screaming for help, the other, imagining possible trouble, quietly slipped away before anyone saw.
They both played great.
The "judges" are in a quandary.
Then they decide to wake up Evstigneev and see what he will come up with.
They were shaken, persuaded, and explained the situation.
Evstigneev went to the cabinet.
A second later, the whole room was laughing, seeing him crouch, jump in front of the closet door, clenching his knees, first gently knocking on the door of the " toilet”, then just drumming.
Finally, driven to utter despair, he tears the door open, sees the " hanged man” without a second's hesitation, grabs him, rips him off along with the rope, throws him out, and jumping into the toilet, with a wild cry of happiness, does his simple job without even closing the door!
Thunderous laughter, shouts of " bravo”, and a unanimous victory awarded to Evstigneev.
The artist bowed and collapsed to sleep.
Yevgeny Evstigneev in the play based on Shatrov's play " The Bolsheviks”, leaving the newly wounded Lenin in the hall where the entire Bolshevik elite was sitting, instead of the phrase: “Lenin's forehead is yellow, waxy..."he said,' At Lenin's... yellow ass!..".
The performance stopped for a long time.
The "legendary commissars" had crawled behind the scenes and didn't want to come back.
Comic situations with famous actors.
Oleg Yefremov.
Sovremennik Theater.
The play "The Decembrists".
In the role of Nicholas I — Oleg Efremov.
In the course of the performance, he must say a line: "I am responsible for everything and for everyone," but he makes a reservation and says: "I am responsible for everything and for the light."
His partner, the unforgettable Yevgeny Evstigneev, immediately picks up: "Well, then, for water and gas, Your Majesty."
Mikhail Ulyanov.
Mikhail Ulyanov played the role of Caesar.
He had to say:
- And now the ball given to all Rome by the Queen of Egypt."
But instead he said:
- And now to the ball with the Queen of Egypt, who gives to all Rome."
Oleg Tabakov.
Oleg Pavlovich Tabakov, always played a wonderful prank and egged on friends and colleagues.
The only person who never fell for his tricks was Yevgeny Evstigneev.
He knew how to detect a trick in time and avoid a trick.
After all, he was caught once, but he turned out to be a genius and even won.
The film "Continuation of the Legend" about the Bolsheviks, in which Evstigneev played an old Bolshevik, and Tabakov — a young romantic, was being shot.
They were supposed to meet and shake hands.
And so Tabakov surreptitiously filled his palm with sticky vaseline and shook Evstigneev's working hand.
Everyone who knew about the upcoming provocation was watching Evstigneev especially closely.
Evstigneev not only managed to remain impassive, but also began a brilliant improvisation.
As if from an excess of feelings, he raised his hand smeared with vaseline and began to gently stroke Tabakov's hair and cheeks ...
Mikhail Kozakov recalls Tabakov's jokes.
In the play "The Ballad of a Sad Tavern", Kozakov, addressing the audience, delivered large dramatic monologues.
Oleg Tabakov had the role of a hunchback boy, and he constantly made his partners laugh.
— Such a storyteller — fuck for the cheek!
Tabakov said distinctly, but softly, as he limped across the stage.
Barely able to contain their laughter, they finished the scene.
After the performance, Tabakov promised not to make Kozakov laugh in this responsible role.
— I swear I won't do it again!"
Tabakov promised.
Kozakov writes: "I and the partners, of course, at the next performance were in suspense, when it came to this mise en scene, when I say my monologue, and he limps past me.
No, Lelik kept his word, but after looking at everyone slyly and as if to demonstrate that he was a man of honor, he just stuck out his cheek with his tongue.
My partners and I had a tantrum."
Yuri Nikulin.
WHY ARE POLICEMEN FOOLS?
For the filming of Eldar Ryazanov's film "The Man from Nowhere", a police car was called to shoot an episode in which Yuri Nikulin, who played a policeman, had to remove the main character of the film Tappi from a lamppost.
When the captain of the car that arrived for the shooting saw Nikulin dressed in a uniform, he approached Eldar Ryazanov and asked:
- I have a question for you, Comrade director.
Tell me, please, why in the movies, as a rule, policemen are shown as idiots and fools?
Spartak Mishulin.
GOLDEN ARROWS.
On the day of the seventieth anniversary of the Soviet trade unions, Spartak Mishulin received a valuable gift from the DOSAAF society – a gold watch.
I went to the restaurant of the House of Cinema to see if there were any acquaintances.
I saw A. Pankraty-Black at the corner table.
I couldn't stand it, I came up to brag:
- And here I am, brother, a valuable gift received.
Gold watch!
- No way!- Pankratov-Cherny said.
- Show me.
- Look, just on my arm.
I'm afraid to take it off, expensive item.
- Are they all gold?- Pankratov-Cherny asked.
- Absolutely.
- No way!
And the second hand is also gold?
- Also gold!
Mishulin answered with pride, admiring the clock.
- Listen, let's drink the second hand, why do you need it?- Pankratov-Cherny suddenly suggested.
Sergey Filippov.
A MEASURE OF TALENT.
One day after the concert, the actors Rudolf Furmanov and Vadim Medvedev sat down to dinner and of course drank.
Glass after glass, glass after glass.
Then Sergei Filippov appeared, noticed his colleagues walking around, got hooked, drank, and then noticed:
- You don't drink out of talent!
WOMEN'S ACTIVITY.
The Leningrad actor Alexey Sevostyanov, a solid and imposing man, liked, oddly enough, to embroider with a smooth surface.
He devoted himself wholeheartedly to this activity and liked to show off his achievements.
Once he showed his embroidery to the artist Sergey Filippov.
- Here, look how I managed the purple color!- Sevostyanov boasted in a bass voice, pointing at his sewing. -Here it begins with a pale purple, then turns into purple, and then gradually, softly, gently - into a pale blue...
Filippov listened and listened, and then he could not stand it and said:
- Tell me, do you have any critical days?
Boris Livanov.
LENIN IS BEING CARRIED.
The Moscow Art Theater brought on tour abroad the play "The Third Pathetic", where the main roles were played by B. A. Smirnov (Lenin) and B. N. Livanov (engineer Zabelin).
Imagine-a huge theater is crowded.
Twenty minutes to go.
There are no two main performers.
Fifteen minutes.
They don't exist.
Quiet heart attacks begin.
Ten minutes to go.
The same picture.
In three minutes, a completely drunk Livanov appears.
The head of the group falls to his knees in front of him and groans: - Boris Nikolaevich!
We're abroad!
We are the Moscow Art Theater!
And you are not!
You're Livanov!
Livanov! - roars Boris Nikolaevich.
- Livanov still came himself!
And Lenin will be brought in now!
AMATEURS AND PROFESSIONALS.
Once, the then Minister of Culture of the USSR, E. A. Furtseva, speaking to artists and directors, said that soon folk and amateur groups and theaters would push professionals and go on the big stage.
— This will be the greatest achievement of our socialist culture!
Suddenly Livanov's voice rang out from the back of the hall:
- Ekaterina Alekseevna!
If you have a health problem in the female part, do you go to a gynecologist-an amateur?
TOASTS.
Boris Livanov liked long toasts.
Usually, when he sat down at a table with a fellow artist and poured out the first one, he would raise his glass and say something like this:
— Let's toast to you, a great artist, talented, slim, smart, with a huge creative potential, versatile, deep, with a bright future, a genius, a man with a capital letter, a wonderful friend, a favorite of women...
Then, on the second loading, Lebanon raised the glass and demanded:
— Well, now you talk about me the same thing.
My relatives (a married couple with two children) decided not to live with their parents,but to rent a separate apartment.
Due to limited financial resources, the choice fell on the studio.
A huge number of ads for budget studios were reviewed and one of them was unanimously singled out.
In the found ad, the price was more than attractive (they were still very surprised at such generosity), not far from the center, the landlord was the owner of the housing.
We came to look, and there...
In short, one large empty room, a cast-iron battery under the window, a tap with cold water on the wall in the corner, but without a sink, and under it a sewer pipe closed with a "plug", enamel-painted walls and like a cherry on a cake, an Ilyich light bulb hangs from the ceiling on wires.
The landlord tells them:
- They say, I myself understand that repairs are needed here, but the price for a month is low for you and you can live at this price for at least three years.
They thought, they thought, and they agreed - they really wanted to live separately.
Well, so the husband and wife decided to equip their new home - after all, three years to live in it.
My husband did a great job-he immediately made a wall of drywall, divided the room into 2 rooms, and fenced off the bathroom in the corner.
The sink and toilet and interior doors on Avito were taken on the cheap.
Made the light normal and all the wallpaper pasted with the ceiling together.
It turned out not that expensive-rich, but quite nice and even stylish.
Only here they did not draw up a lease agreement with the owner, who said so-why these pieces of paper, then they will drag me to the tax office for them, do you not believe my word?
And he was so convincing that they believed him.
I also told them that you don't have to take anyone's word for it now, but where is it?
They're smart, all agreed!
I only told them that they would not show their beauty to the owner.
Well, they live so, they transfer money to the owner on the card every month, they enjoy a life separate from their parents.
And then, five months later, the owner ran to them for payment.
Something they have there with the bank transfer did not grow together at that time.
Well, I saw all the splendor.
Said:
- Oooooh, cool as you have here became!
And a week later I called and told a tearful story:
-The apartment burned down, they say, at relatives and he lets them live in his apartment.
And he will move to this studio - so move out immediately!
He doesn't even want to hear about the three-year agreement.
They sat there, so my relatives thought about it and decided that they would not prove anything without papers and we should move out.
The husband called the owner and asked for three days to leave, and he graciously agreed.
The husband dismantled the drywall wall, dismantled the bathroom, and the wife tore off all the wallpaper, not too lazy.
The owner came for the keys three days later and was stunned right in the doorway.
On the ceiling, the light bulb of Ilyich hangs on the wiring, in the corner there is a tap on the wall and a sewer with a "plug".
All I could say was, "Where is it?"
And my husband said to him, " What you gave us, take it back!
Your everything is in place.
All fair and square!"
Why did I tell you all this?
And to the fact that greed has ruined more than one fraer and will ruin more than one more!
Nikolai Nosov: a writer who knew everything about children.
And the kids love his stories!
A few words about Nosov and watch a wonderful film based on his stories!
Call the children to the screens!
Nikolai Nikolaevich Nosov is the literary father of Dunno, Vitya Maleev, Kolya Sinitsin, Mishka with his porridge, Kolya Cranberry and the author of fun, wise and exciting adventures that have grown up for more than one generation.
And he was born on this day 112 years ago!
In his younger years, Nikolai Nikolaevich was a digger, a mower, a log carrier, a newspaper merchant; he was interested in amateur radio, electrical engineering, photography, was engaged in music, singing and playing chess.
Probably, all this should have been in his life, so that later in Nosov's books and in the films shot according to his scripts, everything was as if it was happening in our yard, and all the guys are exactly what they really are.
But in the career of Nikolai Nosov there were not only "children's" pages.
So, after graduating from the Moscow Institute of Cinematography, Nikolai Nikolaevich was engaged in directing educational films for the Red Army, for which he was awarded the Order of the Red Star in 1943.
During the Great Patriotic War, he made a training film for tankers, for which he later received a State Prize.
But after the war, there was a collaboration with the children's magazine "Murzilka", and the first stories were born: "Entertainers", "Live Hat", "Cucumbers", "Wonderful Trousers", "Mishkin's porridge", "Ogorodniki", and a few years later the children got acquainted with his stories" Merry Family"," Diary of Kolya Sinitsyn"," Vitya Maleev at school and at home " and, of course, a trilogy of fairy tales about Dunno and his friends.
For his literary work, Nosov was awarded the Stalin Prize, and for the trilogy that all children loved, the State Prize of the RSFSR named after N. K. Krupskaya.
Based on the screenplays of Nikolai Nosov, several films were made for children and today we offer to watch the wonderful film "Funny Stories" (1974).
The film consists of three short stories, which tell about the guys collecting scrap metal.
The first novel - "Restless" - is about a girl who ran away from home and helped collect scrap metal for the construction of a motor ship for children.
The second novel - "The Little Rascal" - is about a boy who told his parents and teachers that he was collecting scrap metal, but in fact rode a bicycle and did not prepare lessons.
The third novel - "Phone" - is about two boys who received a toy phone as a reward for collecting scrap metal.
Trying to figure out the device of the phone, they broke it.
Let's read good books and watch good movies with our kids!
There are drinkers in every dorm.
Especially if it is a dorm of a creative university.
One beautiful August evening, a crowd of directors, cameramen, and sound engineers gathered in a small room.
A completely trivial drinking and a little smoking of the generous gifts of nature.
Except for one thing: the dorm was severely out of power at the time, so candlelit evenings became the norm.
Having reached a state of deep meditation, the students fell one by one in piles on mattresses, beds, and stupidly on the dirty carpet.
In the process of meditation, one of the spiritualized bodies involuntarily touches the candle, and it falls safely on one of the mattresses.
The mattress is old, dry, and very readily begins to ignite.
From a specific smell, another body begins to come out of the dream world, assesses the situation and raises a wild howl, pulling all colleagues into the real world.
Panic begins, the mattress is trying to extinguish by all means.
And suddenly someone has a brilliant idea to open the window and throw the smoldering mattress out into the street.
The window, by the way, looks exactly on the central porch of the hostel, about the 5th floor.
The August evenings were already quite dark, but this did not prevent the commandant of the hostel from deciding at the same time one working question: to transfer, so to speak, the reins of government to the new commandant.
A typical procedure.
Both are worried, for some reason, the dean of the creative faculty of the university has also arrived.
And so, these respected people slowly inspect the territory of the hostel: questions, comments, everything is decorous and calm.
It's my turn to enter the building, but then I hear a loud muttering and the crack of glass from somewhere above.
Surprised, the commandants and the dean look up and see a smoldering mattress gracefully planing at their feet.
The new commandant is in shock, and so is the dean.
The old commandant has a tantrum, which he carefully hides.
A few moments later, they raise their heads again to find the source of the bombardment.
But our heroes Alkonauts made it easier for them, together leaning out of the window to check the aerodynamic capabilities of the mattress.
How do such stories usually end?
Deduction, of course, administrative responsibility.
There were arguments from the old commandant that they were creative people, what to take from them.
Many of them are talented undergraduates.
"No one got hurt, after all."
Whatever it was, all the participants of the alco-session could not be caught.
One main tenant of the room actually did not appear there for a long time, rented an apartment somewhere.
His neighbor and those who managed to catch, pretty much put the old commandant, at the same time compensating for the damage.
The story was hushed up.
It's good to be friends with the commandant.
The wiring in the dorm was changed, candles and all that was forbidden.
There are quite a lot of similar stories of such drinking parties, but no one has crossed the dangerous line in my memory.
And in general, student life without the experience of living in a dorm is very, very bland.
Dusina's life and Adventures (continued).
Morning of the kittenowners.
Got a cat?
Enjoy it!
1.
Remove the cat from the toilet.
2.
Throw the cat toy out of the bathroom.
3.
Remove the cat from the toilet.
4.
Kick the cat out from under the running water.
5.
Step on a cat toy in the shower.
6.
Step on the cat's tail when leaving the shower.
7.
Unhook the cat from the broom.
8.
Unhook the cat from the scoop.
9.
Deport the cat from the kitchen to the hallway.
10.
Close the door behind the cat.
11.
Get the cat out of the dishwasher.
12.
Intercept the cat in a low-level flight into the laundry basket.
13.
Show the cat that there is nothing feline in the basket.
14.
Find a cat toy.
15.
Offer to exchange the wires from the laptop for a toy.
16.
Hit the ass with a toy to save the wires.
17.
Remove the cat from under the fallen shoe box and slipper blockage.
18.
Calm the cat, pour milk, regret, pat, punish the slippers.
19.
Take your socks from the cat.
Be touched by the artistic gnawing on the sock.
20.
Sit down to finish your coffee with the thought - how right we did that we got a cat!
Where do children come from?
When I began to ask the first timid questions about where children come from, my mother, with the confidence of a professor of reproduction, gave a lecture about what I had bought in the store.
Did you know that there are special points of sale where parents can choose their child, and in case of bad behavior - return it back?
Quite a plausible version, which for the next couple of years completely satisfied me and kept me in good shape, since I did not want to go back to the store.
The turning point came in the first grade, when I decided to educate my inexperienced classmates about their birth.
There was a heated debate about the stork, cabbage, and other sources of replenishment of the social cell.
The argument was interrupted by Sveta, who recently had a baby brother.
With a sense of superiority, she shed light on some of the anatomical aspects of procreation, pointing out the specific organs of the human body in a language that seven-year-olds can understand.
The excited public could not recover from the revealed truth for a long time, and that evening many mothers were called to account by their offspring.
My mother was no exception.
On the way home, I looked at her sternly and asked her if she was sure of her theory of having children, and gave her Svetka's version.
My mother hesitated, but did not back down, saying that she personally bought both of her children in the store, and she could not answer for Svetka's mother.
My further inquiries about the location of this store and its assortment were interrupted by my mother's unexpected suggestion to go to the ice cream parlor for a milkshake, which contradicted the unshakable rule not to eat sweets before dinner.
In order not to frighten off the unexpected happiness, I did not specify the reason for this act and happily ran to take a table by the window, before my mother changed her mind.
Least of all, from the crowd of gays standing behind, Lyosha expected a knife in the back.
Are you young, ambitious, and energetic?
We are waiting for you!
Come and give us a laptop charger, or we're too lazy to get up from the couch.
I have things to do, I need to do something fucking urgent.
When you meet people from the past, there is still a pleasant nostalgia; even if it all ended in a quarrel between you.
The essence of the current media is fully conveyed in the advertising of twix.
In the media of one country, chocolate is poured from top to bottom, in another vertically.
The people of Britain love to ride bicycles.
So this country is called: "Great Britain".
It's annoying when it's already Monday and you're not ready for it yet.
He died in her arms, she sobs, utters a long, heart-rending cry to the sky in utter despair, and a passing bird shits in her mouth.
What is the name of the wife who takes all the money from her husband?
Bitcheezer.
A good spell against mosquitoes.
You hide your head under the pillow and say, " I'm not meat, I'm not blood.
I'm just a carrot."
I was thinking about Goodwin.
I am not sure that a person who has no problem getting human organs can be called kind.
Never make any excuses for anyone.
If a person did this, it means that he wanted to.
If this world were a good one, you wouldn't be yelling like that at birth.
Children who are more often left alone at home learn German faster.
What do you need to make a blonde's eyes light up?
Shine a flashlight in your ear.
babai as a flutter, bee as a sting.
You tell me, you tell me, what KIND OF UGLY FASHION IS IT TO TAKE PIECES OF FAMOUS QUOTES AND ADD ALL SORTS OF NONSENSE TO THEM WITH CAPS?
Seriously, tell me.
It kills me that the package of cotton swabs says: "mind your own business," but that's what most people buy them for.
Love is poop with the door open.
Please describe your day.
Fuckday.
Our supermarket has a new advertising manager.
Now, instead of the "Baby Food" department, there is a department with the name "Food for children".
Natural ice cream,the only one in the whole country.
Grandma gets on the bus and everyone immediately became interested in looking out the window.
Where the fuck are you going for the night?
Each princess has her own dragon, which keeps her in the castle and does not let her meet her prince.
My dragon is a sofa.
What a drunk woman has in mind, a drunk man will never succeed!
Realizing that the construction of high-quality roads in Russia is in principle impossible, the government decided to introduce teleportation by 2035.
Yesterday, today was tomorrow.
Autumn philosophy.
This is what you should call a player-Herod!
A caring mother's son drinks, smokes, swears obscenities, but in a hat!
If you hit your opponent on the left cheek, and he gave you the right-hit him again on the left, so as not to get smart.
As you know, there are about 15,000 characters in the Chinese language.
God forbid to see the Chinese field of miracles: senseless and merciless.
My inner Moses constantly pisses people off.
Sometimes it is so infuriating that in the presence of men you need to be elegant and fragile, sit down elegantly.
Sometimes you just want to relax in a chair, spread your legs on the sides and enjoy what you really feel comfortable.
A call to the children's radio: My fliend Selyozha is being taken to the camp by his palents tomollow.
Put on a song for him, "And the blue one flew to the camps!".
Hi, why are you adding yourself as a friend?
None of your business.
Love me, love my alternate selves, too.
Two things in a woman's life are absolutely inevitable: the appearance of dust on the furniture and disappointment in a man.
Desperation is when Twitter doesn't work and you can't tweet about it.
I want to be a New Year because everyone is waiting for it and wants it!
Getting attached to a person is a huge risk, they take your soul with them when they leave.
Advertisement.
The pet store will hire a female salesperson.
What do you want to do when you grow up?
You just said so many nasty things to me.
After the saleswoman Lyusya moved to work from the vodka department to the dairy department, for some reason they stopped calling her " Hey, beautiful!".
Men always promise to turn over mountains for a woman, so what?
I haven't seen a single mountain upside down.
Sometimes you communicate with a person and so you want to repeat the saying from the good old cartoon - " So that's what you are, a reindeer!!!".
When it's fresh and there are no sausages, And there is a full moon in the sky, Then people are scratching at the soul of a lonely cat.
A resourceful python has swallowed two different-sex rabbits and no longer needs food.
Putin's election is scheduled for March 4.
The Seven wonders of the world is cool, of course, but the ability of women to take off their bra without taking off their clothes still surprises me more.
What time is it?
Five minutes to spring.
My life is like laying asphalt, in winter, in wet snow, at two o'clock in the morning.
Is everything complicated?
No money?
Can't you see a way out?
Put your sorrows on deposit.
Do you like it?
I love you!
Prove it!
I'll prove it!
Can you get a star?
And from the foot to the fuck?
I understand, I'm still silent!
The medicine is first prescribed, and then drunk.
And beer is first drunk, and then prescribed.
Tell me about yourself.
I'm lazy and I like to eat.
Then I'm too lazy to tell you, I'll go eat.
Treacherous weather.
No matter how you dress - everything is not in the subject.
It happens so you want to drink but there is no reason at all and then a simple church calendar saves me.
Good evening.
I'll be your waiter tonight.
What will you order?
DON'T PUSH ME, YOU SCUM!
I am a man of extremes.
Either everything is so fucking awesome that I can't believe it, or everything is so fucked up that it's scary to think about it.
The bank that held my money went bust yesterday.
The shock wave of the bank's director was thrown all the way to the Canaries.
Holy Father, your censer smells like melon and mint.
Not cleaned since the weekend, God forgive me!
Will I regret it?
Yes.
Will I do it again?
Of course fuck it.
The film with pimples should be included in the list of the strongest drugs!
In 2017, they want to freeze the funded part of the pension again.
You have eight typos in the word "spizdit".
I have a bouquet of cats ready for you.
If you feed the devil candy every day, the gates of hell will stick together.
It's only men who get smarter over the years, but women-on the contrary.
They are born geniuses.
Men are martyrs.
They always suffer.
Either from a lack of attention from women, or from an overabundance of it.
But more often just bullshit.
Russian Roulette for kids: ride down a slide that ends with a busy track.
Your diploma is so incomplete that the paper for it grows in a forest that has not yet been planted, because the seeds for the trees are stuck in a black hole.
Not that I hate you, but I turned off your life support machine to charge my phone.
Life is incredibly boring.
So, hooligans, gentlemen.
Be a bully.
The best way not to make a woman lose her temper is for her to be constantly overjoyed.
The actors in the play will play much better if you look at them not with theater binoculars, but with an optical sight.
One, two, three, four, five, who didn't hide - goes with me to drink.
We used to throw a wet rag at recess.
I'm sure there's an iPhone app for that right now.
I hate summer.
In winter, I'm a big and warm nyasha for a girl, and in summer I'm a fat and fat freak.
While the smart ones dig to the roots, the smart ones reach for the fruits.
Nature doesn't have bad weather.
Every weather is a blessing!
If you have something to do at any time of the year, you can escape to the Maldives.
Yesterday I was bored and I wrote to a strange man under the photo: "you don't love me anymore? "
Today I had 250 of his friends, led by his wife.
Man, if you're alive — I'm sorry!
Love is denied by those who need it most.
The government has no plans to freeze public sector salaries this year.
They will continue to melt.
Guys, think about it, I gave my wife a SCALE.
And she gave me a RULER for my birthday.
I don't get it...
honey, let's try hard sex.
Punish me.
Good!
No sex.
You're grounded!
Rule of life number 186-always the winner is the one who gives a fuck more.
When you cry out "I hate you" in tears, it means that you cry out "I love you" even louder inside.
E. Safarli.
When I was walking down the street, my broken nose got more than 3 thousand views.
Sergey really wanted to eat a chocolate bar, but he gave it to Yulia, because he wanted Yulia even more.
Why did people stop sacrificing other people to the gods on holidays?
The only normal tradition was ruined.
When you can't change anything in your life, there's only one way to go.
Make a square.
How to explain to people that the times of the Middle Ages are over, and reading books/studying science is quite safe for life?
It doesn't matter if the glass is half empty or full, in any case, there is still room for alcohol.
Now, in order to stand out, it is enough just to not smoke and read books.
All my most important achievements in my life were made out of spite.
If you do not drink several Fridays in a row, you can lose your Russian citizenship.
I signed up for a rocking chair so that I could continue to carry you in my arms.
Just, lately.
No, nothing, dear, nothing.
Love you.
You have a huge house and a slim body, you are a breadwinner and a winner in life, but it still does not give?
Maybe you're an ant.
Murzik, get out!
Those who are most bored or suffering usually do so in silence.
My grandfather told the old woman.
Remember, Grandma, when I was 20.
How did you jump like a goat when you saw my bouquet?
My grandmother answered my grandfather.
That you're an asshole, no doubt.
You remember your only bouquet for eighty years!
The vampire who farted starved to death.
There was no way he could have crept up on the victim without being seen.
I'm waiting for Easter just to lick the cream off the cake.
Many people in our world got their cortex from the oak tree, bitch.
The TV channel "Culture" pays off only at the expense of the vegetable garden, which is located behind the TV studio.
The clerk Anatoly received a salary for June and for a few days fell out of this mortal world.
I know that you have a good boy, take him a gift from me!
Fuck, I was so proud that the bunnies knew about me!
An extreme athlete takes his mistresses home while his wife is in the kitchen preparing dinner.
Hi, where are you?
Geographically or economically?
What the fuck is school for you, you already have a fucking stutter.
Don't take my brain out!
It wasn't even brought in there.
Me: I need to sleep.
Brain: stay on the Internet.
Me: I have to get up early tomorrow.
Brain: no, sit still.
She liked the brutal stubble, the smell of fish, and the rough hands, but her husband persisted in forcing her to take care of herself.
Are you good at drawing?
If we are talking about gloomy prospects, then great.
When I'm drunk, I always try to write very carefully – without mistakes and with all the signs of the zodiac.
Knowing how the Russian Post works, you should write a letter to Santa Claus right now.
Captain Obvious has been promoted.
He's Admiral Clearasfuck now.
Today I saw a cat lying on the road, and I started calling him.
Only after I noticed that people were laughing at me, I looked closer and realized that it was a HAT.
Damn sight!
The doctors are leaning over me and excitedly talking all in latin only the chief said thoughtfully fucked up.
Women are always right.
Do you know why?
Because.
To make the weekend come faster, you need to start drinking on Thursday.
"Pour from empty to empty" - charge your smartphone from a discharged laptop.
I thought my whole life flew by before my eyes, but it turned out just the neighborhood kids throw shit.
For the sake of a slim, toned body, I am ready for anything, except training and proper nutrition.
Why didn't you write to me for a month?
Well, I put the likes!
When you get married , you'll understand what happiness is.
But it will be too late.
The Minister of Education passed all the Unified State exams, the Minister of Health defended the queue at the polyclinic, and only then the pensioner released the goldfish.
I don't know about you, but when I was a kid, I dreamed of a room like Hey Arnold, with a panoramic roof so I could look at the stars.
I still dream.
Maam, look what I found!
Oh, my God, it's Ziga, quickly throw it.
I said throw it!
I hate being told.
"What will people say?"
I didn't give a shit about them.
You start reading the phrase you finish reading.
Thanks for attention.
There is no such one-time thing that a Russian person could not use twice.
4 stages of March:
1. cool.
2. warmer.
3. roast.
4.
SURPRIZE MAZAFAKA, SNOW, ICE.
Daughter, go get a beer.
Good.
Can I buy you something?
Everyone in this world gets fucked, even those who don't get fucked, get fucked by not getting fucked!
The guy drives off from the parking lot, and leaves a note: "Don't take up space, I'll puncture the tires!".
He comes back - in his place is an asphalt skating rink, next to an awl and a note: "Good luck to you, brother!!!".
That feeling when your girlfriend is offended by you, because you are offended by her because she does not believe that you are not offended.
That is, you do not trust each other so much that you exchange passwords from your pages in social networks. is it because you trust each other?
According to statistics, 60% of people by Friday are not thinking straight.
Fortunately, I'm one of the other 20%.
What's the date today?
January 2nd.
And what, the 1st was not?
We agreed with my husband: day-he buys groceries, day-I.
So we live: day-we drink, day-we eat.
How to stop growing up?
It's not fun anymore.
Make time for your mother on her birthday, it's her holiday too.
They say that what you're afraid of happens.
I immediately begin to fear a long life, good health and a huge amount of money.
Sometimes you just want to forget about everything and go somewhere far away, but then you look at the sofa, and it's somehow closer, and the movie is new.
I have always been amazed at how you can graduate from a chemical university and not be able to brew amphetamine.
Vacation is such a mystical thing, then it is there, then it is not there at once!
Never give up something that you can't live a day without thinking about!
A minute of memories is the longest, because it can hold years.
An eleven-finger milling machine can be a little more relaxed at work.
Take Oleg, cut into small cubes and throw in boiling water.
Eh.
My life is a tin can, but well, it's under the blanket.
Everyone can offend a lady.
Not everyone can run away.
One man dreamed of becoming a loser.
And I couldn't.
Summer.
Genre: Drama.
Starring: me, work.
Those who are hard to find, easy to lose, and hard to forget are usually almost impossible to get rid of.
Inconvenient-this is when you begged, and not worth it!
I am a soldier, a premature child of war.
I'm a soldier, Mama heal my wounds.
I'm a soldier, bring me some socks soon.
I'm a hero.
Is this foam?
Thank you very much.
In our country, either a drunk or a Caucasian can approach to meet a girl.
Do you know how I manage to hang out, work, get enough sleep, and go to couples?
No fucking way.
Women's watches are sold.
One hour - $ 50.
Don't go away!-she pleaded, wringing hands in despair.
But he left.
With broken arms.
Can you tell me how to get to the hospital?
Be sure to fuck, otherwise it will not work.
Those who do not take risks do not drink champagne.
And who drinks champagne of the Narofominsky winery, that very much risks.
Skolkovo's latest innovation: a solar-powered night vision device.
Empty eyes and music in headphones are sometimes much more effective than the phrase "Leave me alone".
Steve Jobs changed my life, now I spend a lot more time in the toilet.
I deleted the number so I wouldn't say anything nasty.
Now I'm nervous that he doesn't know what a Brute he is!
Oh, my God!
I'm not reflected in the mirror!
Just like a vampire!
Mommy, what's all this about?
You go to him first, you fucking fucker!
If a girl says that she will be ready in 2 minutes, this can only be true in one case – if she speaks from the microwave.
I wish I had more people with whom I could laugh for no reason at anything I could do.
Still, some people surprise me.
It seems to be much more stupid, BUT THEY SOMEHOW MANAGE.
In the dialogue between two smart men, every inch is important.
My girlfriend is gaining weight.
What to do?
Make her walk more.
If she walks 5km a day, she'll be 35km away from you in a week.
It is desirable not only to respect My Work, but also to Pay for it.
Where does youth go, to what cities?
I couldn't go without sex for a month, now I can do it for a year.
You never know what the cuckoo has told you — but you also need to keep the crow from croaking.
I am very afraid of skeletons and I am afraid that one of them is inside me.
It's easy to go on a hunger strike, but why don't people refuse to take a shit?
That would be a bomb.
The nightclub cleaner found some kind of pill.
By morning, the city was shining clean.
There are situations when even my rich obscene vocabulary is not enough to describe my feelings.
Mom, read the faggots! - my daughter handed me the book.
And then I realized why Snow White was not afraid to live in the forest with seven men.
Why did you give your dog such a strange name?
A goat?
And I like to call him on the street and watch all the men turn around!
Today I watched a man walking a huge scorpion.
Yes, with my minus-four vision, I've seen more than that.
Sometimes, when I want to get married, I put on a robe, slippers, curlers and go to cook borscht, after an hour he lets me go.
I demand that the experience in Twitter is counted in the work record.
This global warming is already tired - the third year of cold weather.
Is it possible to declare a global cold snap-maybe it will warm up?
Sometimes you have to do shit, otherwise life will be boring.
From observations on associative combinations.
If we assume to say: "mail", then usually add "mailbox".
And if you say "box", then "vodka", even non-drinkers add.
Everything seems to have improved: I got a job, bought a cool car, paid off my mortgage, saved up money for Thailand, and bam -you are 80 years old.
My girlfriend, my grandgirlfriend, my great-grandgirlfriend.
The mood is cool, spring!
I walk, my smile never fading.
I have today Sunday and I don't care that everyone has Wednesday!
People with children under 10 years old should be banned from entering cafes, restaurants, public places, and in general on the street.
Your child is your problem.
Lech, what are you sad about?
My wife was diagnosed with AIDS.
Well, I was joking, guys.
Why are you all so pale?
Poplar fluff, heat, July!
It's better to be silent than to talk shit.
Why don't people understand this simple truth?
Oksana, how did it go last night?
Well, damn it!
I shaved my legs longer.
You don't understand women, damn it - she was happy to tell me that she bought these panties especially for me - but then she was upset when I put them on.
I'm so sudden.
I went to the refrigerator, cut off a cucumber and suddenly devoured five cutlets.
What can you say for yourself?
He started it first!
As soon as you realize that something is going wrong-just go to bed.
I can't accept the fact that people born in the two thousandth already walk and even talk.
I'm looking for an experienced front-end developer who will help me develop.
I know what you're doing at the last moment.
All that.
Mathematicians believe that the intersection of two flat jokes gives thin one.
Haven't you had a paycheck for how long?
And I thought they gave me a gun — and I can turn around as much as you can.
Men!!!
Who said the phrase "be silent, woman, your day is March 8".
HOLD ON, IT'S COMING!
If you see a squirrel, feed it just in case.
And then one day it will visit you-hungry and angry.
I don't understand why you should have fun if you can not have fun.
Chuck Norris causes filter cancer in cigarettes.
It was always interesting to see photos where I happened to be a random passerby.
The Internet is divided into those who are already crazy on Twitter and those who are just going to register on it.
So.
Well done, we've had a good winter.
Now let's return -5 and snowfall.
You let people into your apartment, and they torment your cat.
Dear Santa Claus, I've been tweeting this year.
Please give me a personal life.
"Come on, honey, just a little more... ... and we can be together!" (c) Your thighs.
Our director is back from vacation.
Tanned and now even more like shit.
A clean apartment is a sign of a faulty computer.
Thank you for being so big.
New edition of "Edible Mushrooms of Russia" edited by the State Drug Control Service.
There is one plus in poor vision.
And someone has a minus.
And someone has more than one.
God created Me so that everyone else would have something to strive for.
By Tamara's gold teeth, you can tell that her husband is wealthy, but jealous.
Look out the window.
It's fucked up, right?
And you still have to live here all your life.
Well, be patient a little more, the new year is coming soon!
On a new year's eve, everyone will get drunk, drive around and walk around drunk in the city!
You know how many people will be killed!
Surely you will get a kidney!
While waiting for an answer, I have time to think through a whole dialogue for myself and my interlocutor.
Alcohol is a wonderful thing, sometimes it makes you look at life soberly.
Life is short and you should not try anything in it that will make it even shorter.
To those who say that they can't stand me, I answer — I don't need to be taken anywhere!
Leave me alone.
And go wherever you want!
Happiness is always known later, when it has passed.
Even as a child, I began to doubt the existence of logic, when in the cartoon "Black Cloak", the main character had a purple cloak.
Self-control is when, instead of raising your voice, you raise an eyebrow.
I always listen to every person's opinion to the end.
And it doesn't matter that I'm wearing headphones.
What perfumes are fashionable this summer?
Mosquito repellent spray.
Men who like cute and stupid women are fucking weaklings.
You don't have to look for easy ways, you have to love the weird and the fucked up.
The director of the Hydrometeorological Center will turn from 52 to 54 years old tomorrow afternoon, up to 58 at night, the pressure is above normal, precipitation is possible in the evening.
It's an inexplicable feeling of happiness when you look good in a photo.
If you were offered a marriage or an apartment, in which area would you take it?
Most of all, they lie before elections, sex and after fishing.
I'm missing something.
Either warm, sincere conversations, or some kind of joint idiocy, or just need to get blind drunk.
Only Russian obscenities can not only offend, but also praise.
You can expect a groom from the army, a husband from the war, a brother from school, a father from work, a son from school, but not a guy from a party.
Remember this, dear girls, and do not forget to appreciate yourself.
Myopic Andrey pukes further than he sees!
I would have discovered my groundhog Day in the third week.
It's nice when the reluctance to go somewhere coincides with the opportunity.
Having heard the phrase in the morning: "Dear, I'm pregnant" Nikita pretended to be asleep for two more days.
I have one creature I can always rely on.
Yes, pillow, I mean you.
Have you also sometimes noticed how insidious scary women are?
They're just waiting for you to get drunk so they can wake up with you.
Sarochka, dear, and what will you do if I accidentally cheat on you?
Ha!
I'll write on your tombstone: "He had a bright future, but he still preferred a bright memory."
There are such assholes, they talk, and talk, and talk, and talk.
Yes, I know for sure.
It's better to be in shock from what you hear than in the ass from what is happening.
You try on glasses with round lenses in the hope that you will be like Morpheus from the Matrix, and you turn out to look like Leps.
Or Basilio the cat.
And he loves you.
And I don't care, I have the emptiness inside that he had when I loved him.
There is nothing more eternal than what is wrapped in blue duct tape.
No matter how much you tamp down the trash can – you still have to take it out.
Evil is always attractive, but today I'm not unpainted.
I can't fucking understand how Miss Universe was chosen if there were no competitors from other planets.
I listened to the woman and did the opposite.
This is not soup, but some kind of garbage turned out.
Once in kindergarten, all the children were sculpting from plasticine, and Andrew was punished and forged from steel.
A person should be lucky three times in life: from whom to be born, from whom to study and to marry.
In Russia there is one indicator of health: you can drink and you can not drink.
I will not get married, because there is no man who can not fuck me for my show-offs.
In search of yourself, open your eyes wider, you will see the error 404.
Hello, this is the Society for the Protection of Animals?
Who the fuck offended you so early in the morning?
If you're beautiful and have a brain and a tight enough vagina, that's enough to get the whole world.
You liked the ex, and your current woman has already received a notification on the phone.
I received a text message from an unknown number "Hello!
Did you recognize me?".
Yeah, man, by the handwriting.
I love to sleep, because in my sleep I see friends, travel a lot, meet new people, get into shootouts, participate in wild orgies.
On New Year's Eve I made a wish, yesterday in the cold I cracked my lip.
I got the hint.
In the morning I'm 80, in the afternoon I'm 25, in the evening I'm 54, and at night I'm 16.
xxx: what are you doing?
yyy: I'm sitting with a string eating cheese, and you ?
xxx: I sit and drink tea with my mouth.
The sun has smiled on you.
Is it true that all wars on Earth are about women?
Sure.
They've given birth to fools!
Summer is coming.
Women bared their legs, men-whiskey.
People who have just started dating, but already swear in love to the grave, dedicating statuses to each other.
You're fucking nuts, aren't you?
No one in the world, whether man or woman, sees himself in the mirror as he really is.
I lived without the Internet for a month, learned Spanish, got a promotion at work, found a girl, bought an apartment in London!
Put a like if your imaginary friend hides your existence from others, so that he is not considered crazy.
Dad, why is this gorilla looking at us so maliciously?
Hush, son - this is still just a cash register.
I like you, so I'll fuck your brains out and that's fine.
I was married three times, and each time I was lucky with my mother–in-law - they were kind, trusting, and completely ignorant of antidotes.
When we talk on Skype, I look only at myself.
There are some people who, in general, did nothing to you, but you want to take them by the hair and on the asphalt, on the asphalt.
Who can explain why the Devil can be conjured, but God can't?
Is the Devil less busy or more sociable?
I understand more and more that the root of the word "fall in love "is not" love", but"fall".
Finita, fuck, comedia.
I'll make a horror movie where everyone survives at the end, but no one wants to.
I'm not a rock star yet, but I'm an alcoholic.
For the girl from Kansas, the tornado was the only opportunity to go abroad.
Stop calling me your girlfriend, you moron.
And don't come near me, or I'll call the police.
I like to stay at home alone, you can turn off the light, wrap yourself in a blanket and wait for the arrival of the owner of the apartment.
Men, do not believe that women are interested in the size of your penis, at the most crucial moment they think more about how their tits look.
You can't be friends with someone you have an erection on.
And God promised the man that beautiful, kind, and intelligent women would be found on every corner.
And He made the earth round.
Housewife!
Remember: a large, well-fed belly in a husband is a reliable anchor of family life.
Do not break the warm relationship-cold weather ahead.
He's a fucking nerd!
No, I won't.
I don't plan on being a pimp.
Never write anything to sad music.
Because the song will end, and it will be a shame for what was written for a long time.
The health class teacher set fire to the school and carefully watched which of the students did not read the eighth paragraph.
Sometimes it's only when you miss that you know how you hit it.
In a time of total lies, telling the truth is extremism.
George Orwell.
How to kill a person and make it so that they do not know about it?
Just kill the person and don't tell anyone about it.
I have a PhD in getting into shitty situations.
As you name the ship, so it will sail.
The safest ship should be called "Shit".
Dad, what happens if the condom breaks?
Go fucking look in the mirror,you'll see!
You can take the grandfather out of the village, but the village out of the gra I'M NOT GOING ANYWHERE, I HAVE SEEDLINGS.
Just because you slept with one person today and another person tomorrow doesn't mean you're a whore.
No, that's right - you're a whore.
We sell the root of zhen-shen.
Pickup.
Digup.
Searchup.
Every time I ride the subway, I think with sadness that I could have made a career as a terrorist.
The new president of Holland at the inauguration stupidly compromised himself, running away from his bodyguards.
Someone has the flu, somewhere a war, someone is having dinner now, and I have hail, leaf fall, spring exacerbation, beriberi, schizophrenia and all this in a severe form of intoxication.
Be careful, for my righteous anger will spill over your face with a baseball bat.
It pisses me off that I'm too soft-hearted.
I don't want to do anything, but I can't say "no".
I say "no" to a person, and immediately feel guilty.
Although they bored me with their moronic questions and requests.
Do it yourself!
Every time you break up with someone, you feel like a cheated investor.
Being able to hear other people's thoughts isn't so cool.
Basically, this is singing songs and listing the food that a person wants to eat.
Banks will be banned from using small print in contracts.
TIMES NEW ROMAN 14TH, ONE-AND-A-HALF INTERVAL, REFERENCES AND TITLE PAGE.
Three months of autumn, five months of winter.
What's up?
Frustratione.
Frustratitwo.
Frustratithree.
It's time for us to move on to a serious relationship, buy a house, have children.
I'm tired of the uncertainty.
Don't push me.
I just liked your photo.
This is a terrible injustice, when you want to give a person a fuck, and as luck would have it he is not around.
So.
It's time to wake up.
You need to open your eyes.
How do they open?
Push or pull?
What's their intercom code?
Where am I?
Whose voice is that in my head?
I wonder how a snake will crawl in zero gravity?
So.
What did I want to do?
No matter.
Sleep.
Doctor, my teeth are yellow.
In this case, a brown tie will suit you!
An accident on the parquet floor.
While performing a saber dance, a bad dancer accidentally became a good one.
Tanya has not been able to make an appointment with a hairdresser for a year, because the girl should not call first.
It causes very mixed feelings when a zombie in search of brains passes by you without stopping.
What's not in the women's bag?
Space.
What's wrong with him?
Is he dead?
I'm not a doctor, of course, but judging by the hole in his head, yes.
On March 8, the husband was beaten by his wife with two tulips he gave.
A heart attack is when Death clicks "like" on "heart".
The true path to a man's heart is six inches of metal between his ribs.
I'll kill you, but first I and my forty elephants will dance!
Our boss is so open-hearted!
If only this heart would be separated from the body sooner.
I'm still the legitimate president.
Hey, motherfucker.
That is, dear!
Fucking T9!
If life throws salt on your wound, ask for more lemon and tequila.
The border between Mexico and the United States.
I went to the neighbors upstairs!
To make it easier to drag home.
According to custom, the cat was the first to enter the apartment.
And she closed the doors, changed the locks, has been living on her own for the fourth year, shows an axe through the peephole.
I know you like random likes, greedy guy.
Ahalai-mahalai!
Vitya, here akhalay-mahalay will not help, you broke a man's skull, call an ambulance.
Dear, today the alarm went off, I went out, the doors are all closed, the windows are intact.
That's good, but how are you going to ride bricks?
Everyone wants to live among people, but without neighbors.
Don't believe the psychiatrists!
Haloperidol does not cure, but actually destroys the communication channel with the Cosmos, closes the third eye and blocks the chakras.
Everyone texts, except those from whom you really expect a message.
I'm sorry, but I'm not ready for class today.
Bro, don't upset me like that!
Yet all Ukrainian officials have become patriots, some continue to take bribes in foreign currency.
Athlete's Party:
1) I don't drink, guys.
The son of the vice-president of Lukoil drove around Moscow for 6 hours.
According to the video recordings, he was counted 340 traffic violations for 580 thousand rubles, a total of 364 days of arrest, 15 times deprivation of rights in the amount of 18 years, 3 articles of the Criminal Code for 8 years.
A total of 15 days conditionally.
A friend is not the one who helped you get up, but the one who did not let you fall.
No, don't die in my arms.
I don't want to get dirty.
At the word "train station", Vasily, a taxi driver with 30 years of experience, gets from one to three orgasms.
What a century!
You can't burn people, you can't keep slaves, you can't even torture anyone.
I got the wrong era.
That feeling when you haven't watched any part of Star Wars and don't even understand what's going on with everyone right now.
A big man bursts into the urologist's office and yells from the doorway.
Doctor, I can't get my DICK up!
The old doctor, looking around in fright, asks - And who are you going to fuck here?
I'm happy with my headphones on.
The only thing that doesn't suit me is the voices of people I hear in between songs.
Cheburashka, can you hear me?
Not funny, Gena.
When you're a smart prick, your prickishness is kind of justified.
When they tell me once again that they will change their lives from the New Year, and I try hard not to laugh.
If the seventh pancake is a lump, to hell with pancakes, bake lumps.
Some people are so eager to flaunt the fact that they read books, as if it is the 12th century and only a select few can read.
The caller tried to call you, but he didn't have the courage, and he dropped the call before the rings started.
In my old age, I would like to live by the sea, Watch the sunset, wrap myself in a blanket, Keep warm in the shower, not knowing grief, And fill a bag with bags.
Seryozha did not like to write off, so he wrote off with a very sad face.
You are very beautiful, gentle.
What kind of eyes.
Who's going to get you like this?
I want to be with you all my life!
Fuck!
Stop talking to the mirror!
If I get a chance to name a new chemical element, I'll call it Assholium.
It is in every person.
I deliberately don't write to you, I don't call you, I don't do anything.
I hope you appreciate it.
When you are in a bad mood, you need to: raise your head, take a deep breath, exhale, straighten your shoulders, turn away to the wall and put your palms together, put them on your face and sob softly so that no one will notice.
You walk down the street, eat crackers.
The crackers are out.
But the street doesn't.
That's the same bullshit with love.
If you wash things together with a duvet cover, then all the things will end up inside it.
Today I will wash two duvet covers.
Let's see who's who!
Why do girls call themselves kitties or tigresses?
Doe and female platypus are also lonely and playful.
The bear walked through space, saw the dense layers of the atmosphere, entered them and burned up.
I have very small breasts and a big butt by nature.
I hate my size.
It seems to me that even if I commit suicide, everyone will think, " Well, with such a figure, she had no choice."
Sadly.
I know it's stupid that I'm rushing things, because we've only been dating for a week, but can we break up?
Take care — do not look at your husband's phone.
Take care of your husband, too.
Put yours away.
Do you have any bad qualities?
I trust people.
Semyon Markovich was so bad in bed that the Sofa did not moan, but still only clucked.
I'm the person who didn't watch Guardians of the Galaxy.
Yes, yes, I exist.
I really liked my previous job, but after I was told that it was impossible to work as a sofa driver all my life.
I spend the best percent of my battery on you.
Now women do not even need to cook at home - work in 2 shifts.
Enjoy yourself.
I was drinking birch sap in the tomato forest.
To get what you never had, you need to do what you never did.
Our country cannot be defeated!
Turned off the hot water for 2 weeks.
I turn on the washing machine at 90 degrees, without laundry and powder.
After half an hour, she herself drains a small amount of hot water into the bath.
We dilute it with cold water, and-we wash!
If the fall of the social network worries much more than the fall of the national currency, then everything is fine in the country so far.
Top 5 answers to the phrase "I love you":
1) I love you too.
2) it happens.
3) prove it.
4) I love myself too.
5) everyone loves me.
I just want to drop everything and go to a nearby village for a disco.
Chainsaw - 12,000 rubles.
Hockey mask - 800 rubles.
To hear the screams and the crunching of bones is priceless.
In Surgut, in the forty-degree frost, the boy, with the help of a water pistol, inflicted 20 stab wounds on the bully who had bothered him.
A woman is better than the Internet – with a woman, you know exactly where everything is.
1.
Don't leave your room.
2.
Do not leave your home.
3.
Miss someone's birthday.
As I grew older, my childhood punishments became my hobby.
How to make money using the Internet in just two steps:
1.
Turn Off The Internet.
2.
Let's go to work.
You've completely changed my opinion about evolution, it turns out that it sometimes does a moonwalk.
I'm the captain of this ship now.
What ship?
And my first order: start building the ship!
Igor fell into a deep hole and miraculously got out of it.
"There are no miracles," - thought Igor, and climbed back in.
A tweet for those who have a grandmother before going to bed turns off the TV from the socket, because this red light bulb eats up a fig of electricity.
Kids, take Russian lessons, just in case you ever have a Twitter account.
THAT WHERE YOU WILL BE RAPED KILLED STOLEN TAKE THIS SWORD IT WILL BE USEFUL TO YOU!
Get cancer and die in agony, you stupid thing.
There are many requirements for girls: she must be able to cook, and be beautiful, and smart, without requests.
And all you need from a guy is for him to love.
Hmm.
Don't you think the situation is a little unequal?
You're so gentle, so feminine.
Don't fuck with me, bro, I know it, fuck it.
In the morning, from the outside, it may seem that I am asleep.
I'm actually just slowly crawling to the edge of the couch.
Blue socks!!!
I remember, I'm dying!
Blue socks!!!
About you only I dream!
Blue socks!!!
Blue socks!!!
The best excuse to the boss for being late: "I ran to the church to pray for you."
Emoticon-an alternative to the word "clear".
Also destroys the dialog.
Recently I heard that in Tanzania, a guest who comes later than the specified 20 minutes deserves respect.
In Tanzania, I would ALWAYS be respected.
Look at those two old whores on the left.
We will be like this in 10 years.
Fool, this is a mirror!!!
Petrovich, and you do not know what Instagram is?
No, I don't know, but judging by the name, they pour it!
Note to the students.
To get an A in history, you don't have to know the whole story.
It is enough to know just one story — about a teacher and a sauna.
We urgently need to make a film "Always say OH THAT'S IT.".
Alexander Druz accidentally went to the funeral and guessed what was in the black box.
Fall asleep in my arms, fall asleep in my arms.
Fall asleep to the song of the rain.
Are you sure you're an anesthesiologist?
Task.
Girl " A " is sleeping with three guys.
Girl " B " is sleeping with one guy.
Question: have we named "B" correctly?
Do not kill the mosquitoes, after all, our blood flows in them!
And at night, Malvina loved to look at the starry sky with one eye and remember that unforgettable kiss that Pinocchio gave her.
Food prices have risen sharply.
Only the bullshit on federal channels remained free of charge.
Only Caucasians can think about the details of the upcoming wedding after the second date.
By the way, why is there still no article about Orlusha on Lurkomorye?
Anonymus, fix this urgently!
Your former classmate is already buying diapers for her third child, and you're still drinking with your friends!
Well done!
You didn't fall for it.
One person was hit by a truck.
He got up and was hit by a motorcycle.
He got up and was hit by a horse.
Before he could get up, he was hit by a plane.
Then someone screams:"Stop the carousel, the man is injured!"
I have to run to the couch.
If your level of intelligence is high and many jokes no longer seem funny, read the Constitution of the Russian Federation, laugh heartily.
One boy didn't know if the girl liked the "bad guys" or the romantic ones, so he hit her with a brass knuckles that had a heart engraved on it.
The weekend is necessary so that you stay at home and everyone has a rest from you.
Overcome fear.
Cut off the excess.
Reject everything that has no real value.
And slide.
Yes, it's not my first time at the water park.
The experience of the past years shows that the relationship built on mutual quip, the most durable and long-lasting.
To keep the peace in the family, love, tenderness, patience, respect, and understanding are necessary.
And two computers, of course.
Even the rudest person can be affectionate with someone.
It's hard to keep your back straight when there are so many knives in it.
If you cry standing up for a very long time , you can wash yourself.
The army of rams, led by a lion, will always win over the army of lions, led by a ram.
Am I the only one stopping the microwave a second before it beeps?
The cat walks on the keyboard.
I'm learning new features of my browser.
Thank you to the wonderful Jaguar drink for the unmistakable fuckhead detector!
Convenience is when you have a phone.
Abundance - when there are two phones.
Luxury - when there are three of them.
Bliss - when there is no one.
All life is a game, and you are the only one who plays without cheats.
Note to the motorist.
Paint the left half of your car in one color and the right half in another, and then the testimony of the witnesses will not match.
I come once to the Russian Post Office, and they ask: should I send you a parcel?
And let's laugh.
In short, 40 minutes laughed, and then closed.
Telling a girl that she's fat is the same as dividing by zero!
All day long, dreaming of you.
And it's not cheating.
Hurry up to you, hurry up to you.
My beloved.
Sofa.
The Chinese hacked the Pentagon's server.
1) Each Chinese tried one password.
2)Every second password was "Mao Zedong".
3)On the 74357181st attempt, the server agreed that it had the password "Mao Zedong".
Wikipedia was blocked because you're all fucking smart.
I have a very cruel revenge for rude sellers - I don't thank them.
If you listen carefully, you can hear a tumbleweed rolling through your personal life.
Nothing hurts a romance more than a woman's sense of humor.
When you were little, you dreamed of growing up.
And what.
This shit isn't what you expected?
Oh, that mother!
Always putting toys on the shelves - and then I go, throw them in their places.
The saying "Appearance is not the main thing" was coined to comfort the fat and ugly.
The best thing in the world is a BUCK THING.
I don't want to smoke weed and other drugs, but I want to scratch good-natured cats behind the ears!
And now you must definitely blow, because if you do not blow, then no miracle will happen.
Amayak Hakobyan.
Hi, are you busy tonight?
Yes.
Lots to do.
Blink, breathe.
In general, you know, it's better to do it next time.
I wonder how much grass the Indians tried before they came across tobacco.
Start your life with a clean sheet, but leave a copy of the old mistakes.
Storage conditions-KF.
Few people know what it means to Keep Frozen.
As soon as you stop waiting for something, you get it.
Andy Warhol.
The rules are simple: if you are not right in the head, you are taken to a madhouse.
But if you managed to become a professor at the university, everything will be fine.
With my taste preferences, I'm generally afraid of getting pregnant.
I might want wool or engine oil.
Or take over Bulgaria.
The motto for life: a moron, but not broken.
Judging by the number of valentines from school years, the peak of my personal life was in the 6th grade.
I'll go talk to myself, because no one understands me anymore.
Tell us about yourself briefly?
I love music, eating and sleeping.
The beauty in the crystal coffin is silent, does not poop, does not eat.
One of the most perfect Brides.
A kid from an orphanage drew a picture of his mother.
We need more gold.
Not a "miserable lonely bitch", but a "cold independent independent mistress of life".
When Dima learned to kiss on tomatoes, the tomatoes frowned a little!
You can endlessly eat your cheesecake, but what good is it if Mom thinks it's a casserole?
Smart people are rarely happy.
My memory is very selective: I can't remember the password to the Internet bank, but I remember the words from a song I accidentally heard this morning.
When a woman loses her head, it doesn't hurt anymore.
Do you want your eyes to be big, expressive?
Push!
Every home should have comfort, joy and a corkscrew.
I'm one of those people who makes tea in the microwave.
Yes, we exist.
Why don't we go out tonight?
I looked at her and felt as if I'd been hit in the side with a sledgehammer.
Yes, it's called a broken heart.
It's sung in a couple of billion songs.
Those people who have forgiven most often and endured the longest usually leave unexpectedly and forever.
My studies have taught me the most important thing: you can fall asleep anywhere.
In any position.
With your eyes open.
Friends are those who are already eating something in your kitchen at home, and you haven't even had time to undress yet.
"I'm afraid to jump with a parachute," Oleg told the instructor.
"It's all right, Oleg, don't be afraid.
You will jump without it today."
Count the integrals before going to bed-sheep for weaklings!
To light a cigarette from a burnt-out hundred dollars is no longer a show-off, but from a burnt-out Porsche, yes!
I don't believe a single letter of yours!
Don't raise the font on me!
And don't point exclamation marks at me!
This society of ours has too many double standards.
Why can animals be killed but not fucked, and people can be fucked but not killed?
Remember, between the thoughts of the girl "I hope everything is fine with him" to "I hope this drunk and womanizer died in agony" there are only 5 calls that you did not receive.
What kind of coffee do you prefer?
I prefer male coffee!
Every time I buy a watermelon or melon, I knock on them.
To be honest, I have no idea why, but the people around me should understand that I can't be fooled.
No matter how much I earn, it's still only enough for some shit.
Caucasian fleas, hearing the sounds of lezginka, trampled the cat to death.
I am 45 kilograms of beauty!
And the other 70 are ugly?
One day, the evil truth will be found by you.
And those you protected will suddenly become enemies.
Obsession is the worst quality, don't you agree?
Let's discuss it?
Why don't you want to?
Why don't I sit on your lap?
500 liters of water flows into the pool, and 505 liters flow out.
Question: do the swimmers have a conscience?
Oh, these amazing parent-teacher meetings will start soon — admission is free, the output is from 3 to 5 thousand rubles.
We are taught from the cradle to think: no matter how much you shout about your legal rights, they will still cover your mouth with some dummy!
If you love, let go.
If someone gets out in front of you in a minibus, let them go.
If you want to get taller, grow up.
I want to have soundtracks in my life.
Here I go, and then music starts playing out of nowhere.
That's cool.
Mushrooms multiply by spores; in spores truth is born; hence mushrooms are truth.
Every valuable subscriber affected by the leak receives our present, a delicious bag of buckwheat.
My friend is so tough that when she was a kid, she used to sing tili-tili-mucky-mucky.
MUCKY-MUCKY!
I love ice.
4 splits, 2 flips, 5 swallows and I'm in school.
I love that period of relationships when people don't know each other yet.
The hardest thing is to justify an innocent person.
Where the fuck is the end of the world?
Now you have to buy gifts for the New year.
In a public house, all the halls are assembly halls.
A properly educated son in old age will not bring a glass of water, but a glass of dark unfiltered.
"I love you," you say.
"Throw another rake at my feet and I'll jump on them with a run" - your addressee hears.
The pathologist Oleg loved when the corpses of lovers were brought to him.
After the autopsy, butterflies flew around the room for a long time.
Don't fall in love, fuck it.
Life hack: if you call a taxi driver a goat, then he will take you for free.
Not always to the destination, but free of charge.
If you hurry , you'll hurt your tailbone.
Ice.
If a man knows how to cook and is able to build a house, you should take it and not run out.
(c) Women.
Add it to the wall, it will come in handy.
For people who take the elevator to the second floor, hell has a special cauldron on the second floor, where they will walk.
I love our country!
Cops are being killed.
Train stations are being blown up.
Children are being stolen.
Drug addiction and pedophilia are rampant.
And the state is fighting against smoking!
Something pulls me to the refrigerator in the middle of the night.
They must be magnets.
A young nun will make you an amen.
Meaningless loops in buses,I can't get my head in there.
Drug dealers of Uryupinsk considered the city action "The city without drugs!" a cry for help, and tripled the supply.
And after all, they sort things out a little, even the fucking ones.
These photos vividly show us the moment that precedes big or small troubles.
As a child, I was afraid that aliens would come and steal me.
It's not like that now.
I've grown up and I'm not afraid of it anymore.
Now I dream about it.
They were so romantic that even the FSB cried over their correspondence in contact.
The truth in the eyes is better to speak on the phone.
Laxative 12 chairs-money in the morning, a chair in the evening.
Sarcasm in a woman is as disgusting as vinegar in milk.
My knowledge of physics is limited to this: if there are bubbles in the water, then you can brew tea, and do not put your fingers in the socket.
How about on the personal front?
Friendship won.
There are upsets in life BUT NOT SO FUCKING OFTEN.
Today, in a market, I witnessed how a grandmother of 60 years climbed into a wheelbarrow for groceries, and the second grandmother ran and rolled her around the hall.
Even long-lived people have more fun than I do.
Not only must we act decisively, but we must also do nothing.
If you're lying down, then lie still.
Things that steal your time:
1.
Phone number.
2.
The Internet.
3.
Communication out of politeness.
4.
Thoughts are not on the case.
5.
TV.
6.
Reading similar lists.
Daughter, what should I say to my uncle when he gave you candy?
I know what you're hoping for, you old pervert!
Show business as it is!
Fatal fucked - up is when your playlist bores you, and you do not find new songs to your liking.
Love can be without sex.
I, for example, have absolutely no desire to fuck a chocolate cake.
In line for bread, a woman tries to get in first.
If you're pregnant show your belly, and yesterday fucked we all stand here!
Yandex Lock.
Yandex Stock.
Yandex two barrels.
Imagine yourself naked in a room full of people, where they speak a language you don't know and everyone tries to touch you.
It's not easy being a pet dog.
How to infuriate a person?
Read the message, pretend that you are writing something for a long time and do not respond.
You idiot!
You idiot!
The wife calmly says, " That's right!
I would have married a king, there would have been a queen!"
There are the 3rd millennium, space, Wi-Fi, and electric cars.
And they didn't learn how to pack fucking brilliant green so as not to get it in the shit every time.
As a child, I drank kvass and imagined that it was beer.
I smoked straws and ate sweets with liqueur.
I was a cheeky woman.
You don't know what to choose – choose both.
70 % of people has pain in it eyes when them read thees text with the bunch off misstakes.
Today, you can survive if you don't have money, a roof over your head, or a hand, but if you don't have your own opinion, you're fucked.
My daughter, when will you stop smoking?
As soon as I get pregnant, I'll quit right away.
Smoke, daughter, smoke.
Everyone has secrets.
Someone snorts cocaine, someone kills people.
I'm not safely removing flash drives.
So you're not my biological parents?
We're cops, you fucking drug addict.
You think you're going to fall asleep, and you end up thinking, thinking, thinking, thinking.
Hahaha the students are back to school after the holidays!
Ahaha you're back in your office for work, and you didn't even have a vacation.
And you will never have.
I went to the gym for a month.
I dropped 6000 rubles.
Young man, show me your documents.
And I'm in the cabin!
* makes a house*.
That sly bastard!
* waiting*.
Long live our court, the most conditional court in the world! - said Vasilyeva, leaving the hall.
Am I fat?
On the scale of this amazing Universe, no.
No matter how much you feed the wolf, it will still be slim, because it has a fast metabolism.
And you don't!
They say how many people die because of alcohol.
They have no idea how many people are born because of alcohol!
Then they invite you to groups, then to games.
It would be better to invite me to barbecue!
The guy in the cool wine barrel, who are you without it?
Philosopher, cynic, cosmopolitan, ancient Greek.
This mask will help to keep the skin young.
Fuck, Petrovich, I know, I studied to be a welder!
I used to laugh at Gena Bukin because he doesn't earn much, but now I've grown up and it's not fucking funny.
Silence does not always mean that there is nothing to say.
Often the opposite is true: there's so much to say that you don't know where to start.
That's why you're silent.
There are no ads on the TV channel "culture", and this means only one thing - no one watches it.
Regular sex three times a week helps people jerk off twice as often.
British scientists have proven that over time, balloons deflate as a result of diffusion, and not because someone sucks at tying.
Instructions for getting rid of uncontrolled outbursts of anger:
1.
Close your eyes.
2.
Inhale deeply and slowly.
3.
Open one eye.
4.
Shoot!
Meet, the new day of the week after the end of the world-Fuckday.
Fuckday-woke up and fucked up.
Holy Father, I have sinned.
I don't give a fuck.
Why do you give a fuck about God when it's good and when it's bad I have to pray for you?
As the universe and Putin would say these days.
I'm not sure about the first one though.
The girl says that her instragram broke, I ask how she understood it, she answers "I posted a photo and not a single like".
I've made a lot of mistakes in my life, but being sober on a Sunday is too much.
I love going to work!
And from work!
But these 8 hours between walking-just infuriate!
I prefer to date homeless women.
They are easier to persuade to stay the night.
Wednesday is a day when it's already clear that the week has not gone well, but it's still not clear if it will ever fucking end.
Holidays in Egypt: plane, whiskey, sea, whiskey, plane.
Girls, a small breast is better than a small brain.
The seller talks to a friend and let the whole world wait.
Your head wants to add you as a friend.
Motherfucker, did I ask you how the fuck you were doing?
Waiter, Greek salad.
Money in advance!
Today I saw the status of a friend "minus 18 centimeters", so I think — she cut her hair or the man left her.
To the question - How is your personal life?
Free.
And then it fucking starts.
Don't worry, you'll meet your man and all that nonsense.
Are you morons?
I'm telling you, I'm free, not alone!
And I love my freedom so much!
Living together means solving problems together that wouldn't have happened if you hadn't started living together.
At the entrance exam to the theater school, the applicant is asked to show an elephant.
The applicant turns out his pockets.
Show the trunk?
Nothing adorns a girl's ankles like panties.
The damage caused by terrorism is estimated not in human casualties, but in dollars.
That's all you need to know about the modern world.
He comes to his father Carlo Pinocchio and says: "I'm already big, you don't want to saw me a girlfriend - so at least give me a birdhouse!".
My cat, in a previous life, was a bailiff.
He not only describes the property, today in the hallway he also seized it.
Here I have a well done neighbor.
20 minutes of her husband's wing mat, never repeated.
She is a teacher.
You don't sleep for days, you work 11 hours a day, you live in a rented apartment.
HOW CAN YOU BE HAPPY?
The secret is in the right selection of antidepressants.
I've been having very few dreams lately.
Apparently I sleep so little that they do not have time to load.
You have a little creature inside you.
It doesn't see or hear anything, but it loves you very much.
Tapeworm Protection Foundation.
Save your life.
Who gets up early, he wants to sleep all day.
Hello!
Kitty!
How about we meet up?
I'll buy a bottle of wine, the apartment is completely at our disposal.
Tempting, but Katya's not home.
It's her dad.
Better take a beer.
I'll be there soon.
Muur.
The cat nibbles on my ear.
Now I have a banner.
Here it is!
The paradise of my dreams!
To solve two global problems, it is necessary to feed the homeless to the hungry!
If a woman says, " We'll talk about this tomorrow," you'll probably start talking about it in a couple of minutes.
People are like musical instruments: their sound depends on who touches them.
Perfect relationships for me: eating, sleeping, fucking, freaking out and messing around with a loved one, watching movies together and drinking seagulls, trusting.
Mid-September.
Can I be dominant?
Please!
A jack-of-all-trades married a head-sick woman.
Now the bad head does not give rest to the hands.
Arrange a flash mob-yawn in the morning at work.
My problems can only be tolerated by those who truly love me.
The girl Katya was so lazy that she set the alarm an hour earlier so as not to do anything.
Of all the earthly pleasures that are not punishable by law and do not hit the pocket, perhaps the most important thing is to put your finger in the mouth of a yawning cat.
In my next life, I want to be a bird.
I even made a list of who I would shit on.
I want to be taken on the handle and don't let all these infuriating people touch me.
Are you expecting a baby?
No, I'm always so fat.
School wisdom: you should laugh at the teacher's jokes.
Sad: 100% sadness.
Over the past year, GDP growth was 1 m 70 cm.
I'm the kind of person who chooses a movie longer than it goes.
If you are tired of living, then just go to the ice rink.
If the money invested in the Olympics is distributed to all Russians (140 million people), then it would be 4 million rubles EACH!
AND WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS OLYMPICS FOR US?!
Can you feel how it beats when you're around?
Fuck your fucking tits!
I AM GOD !
You made several mistakes in the word "sucker"!
I have so many ideas about how to take care of a girl, what surprises to arrange, what gifts to make.
But I'm a girl.
90 60 90.
The difficulty is that a man does not understand a woman, and a woman does not understand herself.
The owner of the stores "All for 37 rubles" is tired of changing the signs.
Now he just put up the scoreboard.
Four-digit number.
In a family of mutes, there are some advantages: close your eyes and let your wife swear as much as she wants.
Aliens who are abducted by other aliens feel out of place.
I don't understand why you need toilet paper with the smell of, for example, chamomile.
Before using it, no one sniffs, and after any chamomile fucked up.
The evenings are colder, the cardigans are warmer, the air is fresher, the trees are yellower, the tea is hotter, the music is sadder.
I waited until autumn.
Happiness.
Would you sleep with Bruce Willis for a million dollars?
I would have slept with him.
If only I could collect it.
I'd love your problems.
Take the fuck.
Girl, your dad is a cook - from 2 eggs such a miracle concocted!
To get to sleep faster, I count everyone as sheep.
A ship doesn't sink when it's in the water.
It sinks when the water is in it.
It's not so important what happens around us.
What matters is what happens inside us.
Old sharpey doesn't know where he's barking from.
A poem about girls: I want a unicorn, a marmalade, a sandwich.
Give me a hug right now.
No, don't touch me, you freak!
We have to move on.
The further away, the better.
Don't give too much power to one person.
She liked the brutality, the smell of sweat, the shield, but her husband constantly forced her to watch herself.
A light breeze ruffled her hair a little, and she wished she'd had her hair waxed.
The girl is a weak, defenseless creature, from which it is impossible to escape.
Unjustly acquired, but correctly divided by the law is not punishable.
There are 74 words with the letter "y" in Russian , but you only remember "iodine", "yogurt" and "yoga".
Level of sleep deprivation: tripped over a bag under the eyes.
On February 30, any girl can ask a guy for an iPhone, and he has no right to refuse.
Someone starts the morning with thoughts of coffee or tea, and I have to wash my hair or not.
I am one of those who constantly give way to people going to a meeting.
And do you know what annoys me most about this habit?
Dance the tango every time I meet idiots like me.
Judging by the fact that I throw away every day as many filled bags as I buy - I buy mostly garbage and bags.
I cried all night today.
Can you tell me why?
A mother — in-law is the mother of an ideal son who is terribly unlucky with his wife.
When you go to university, remember that somewhere in the world there is a profession of donut filler and water slide tester.
I want to tell all students that student life and adult life are a myth.
After school, you go straight to hell.
The butt will stick together!
Mom.
I'll put it in my mouth.
Why is everyone allergic to the word should?
Because it kills the desire.
During the accident, the airbag did not work, but the driver's life was saved by the second chin!
Fall in love and date, in the summer still no more fucking things to do.
Today I noticed that my girlfriend joined the group "Ideas for a wedding".
It's been a long time since I've shuddered like this.
To try to change something any slobber can.
But to score — here you need determination, character.
The pope's son was called up to the army, so the holy spirit appeared in the unit.
In Russia, they don't go to jail for stealing, but for not sharing.
Like, if you're sad now because you were once the happiest.
The dog Of "Lada Granta"'s owner during the trip is shy to stick his muzzle out of the window.
The knowledge I gained in school:
1.
I'm a stupid piece of shit.
2.
Everyone else is also a brainless piece of shit.
3.
Chloroplasts contain chlorophyll.
I'm going to bed.
Good night.
And then two hours online.
A guy climbs under your T-shirt, and your tights are stretched all the way to your bra.
Winter, damn.
I absolutely don't give a fuck about other people's opinions.
Cheburashka, hey, what am I saying?
Gena, look at me, of course I can hear you.
Before you insult someone, look at yourself.
Make sure you're gorgeous, and now insult whoever you want.
What interesting things are planned today?
The curious will be fucked.
The motto for life: "fucked up of course, but let's go."
Fuck - is an abstract awareness of a situation in which, under the influence of various facts, you suffer a colossal fiasco.
In short, there is one fiasco around.
Today is Jackie Chan's Birthday!
Let's congratulate him!
They say that women fall in love with assholes.
I'm the kind of asshole you should be looking for.
SO WHERE'S MY WOMAN?
I was offended, I went to the boutique with your card, maybe I'll forgive you by the evening!
A person is considered the only being who goes to sleep when he does not want to, and gets up if he does not get enough sleep.
Previously, the events in the world were learned from the news, and now-from jokes on Twitter.
Love is spending your last savings on her.
Everyone feels fear at the moment when they can change their fate.
You walk down the street, the guys look after you, and you proudly turn away, knowing that you belong only to him.
The sofa.
There are no faithful and unfaithful men.
There are caught and not caught.
When you start living apart from your parents, the refrigerator's autofill function is automatically disabled.
This awkward moment at the end of the semester, when you realize that it's too late to start studying.
Warm checkered fag.
Deleting a misspelled tweet before everyone sees it is like defusing a bomb.
What the fuck is this?
Honey, did you want unpredictability?!
So in an hour we're hitchhiking to the Congo, get an AK-47 in the kitchen, and I've already sold the kids to the gypsies.
It seems to me that the sofa took my photo, went to a fortune teller and made a spell!
In general, I am beautiful, but the accidentally turned on front camera makes me think otherwise.
On Sunday, I went with my wife to choose wallpaper for the kitchen.
If the registry office was working on this day — we would have already divorced.
"SUPER PICTURE!"- from the creators of" Hi, how are you?".
She realized that she needed to lose weight after her phone booth broke.
"DOVE", your life turns into a silk pleasure, and not long ago you go untrained, irritable and angry!
If I call you after three o'clock in the morning, do not pick up the phone — it is not me.
And if it's me, I'm no longer me.
Trolling in childhood : I picked a dandelion-A FRIEND BLEW IT AWAY.
When the state begins to kill, it always calls itself the Motherland.
I always knew that I was not the most beautiful, but to have prostitutes standing at the bus stop and seeing me, pretending to wait for the bus - this is too much.
While there is a draft in the head and childhood in the priest-you can not think about old age.
I want this shit!
Take.
Just wash it.
And remember that the correct name for this is not shit, but persimmon.
I want to say hello to my salary and play for her the song of Avraham Russo "I know I'll lose you soon".
Infuriating.
Infuriating.
Infuriating.
Infuriating.
Infuriating.
Infuriating.
Infuriating.
Infuriating.
In general, thank you for being there.
In India, the defendants are forbidden to answer the judge's questions with songs.
Honey, open your eyes, I brought you a croissant, orange juice, and coffee in bed.
Oh, what an asshole you are.
4:05?
It's fucking awesome.
There's no point in running around with a smart face.
If life is beating your ass with a stick, it's better to be an enthusiastic idiot than a depressed intellectual.
If Peter had cut the door to Europe, they would have gone to visit.
And so we just look.
Have you been offended?
Sorry.
Have you been humiliated?
Forget.
Did you get hit?
Remember, Remember everything, fuck and kill the fuck!
I can't figure out if I'm either a moron or a unique person.
The worst nightmare of childhood is when your mother put you in the queue, and she went to another department.
And the queue is getting closer, closer, closer.
Mom, Dad, this is the radioactive decay of the atomic nucleus, coming from an excited metastable state, and it will live with us.
Who will be picked up last.
The winner spent the night with the watchman.
I'm super sexy!
When I wash in the shower , even the curtain sticks to me.
And why in comics superheroes fight against all sorts of murderers, terrorists, supervillains, and not with the real evil-file sharing?
Tips for those who are planning to start an adult life.
1.
Don't, my friend.
The more we feed a girl, the more she likes us.
Nikolai Valuev as a child pulled girls by the spine.
You're uncommunicative!
I'm sorry, I'm not good at dealing with idiots on their level.
Dentist Boris went to the house of the healer with the words: "just don't talk my teeth out."
I wonder if the employees of toy factories feel like Santa's elves on New Year's Eve?
There are girls with a zest, and I'm clearly with madness.
I feel like a goddess behind the wheel.
I'm going, and my husband is praying!
Young Mendeleev prayed as he lay down on the hard bed well, at least today without a table well, at least today with naked women.
The shawarma saleswoman does a good job of swaddling children.
Hey, any plans for tonight?
Nope.
Why did you come home at five o'clock in the morning?
And is it my fault that we have no place to go home at five in the morning?
From a stunning beauty to a fat stupid whore there is one polite refusal to meet.
At customs control at the airport, a drug-trained dog gave a glance to a passenger who had flown in from Holland that the problem could easily be solved for a kilogram of meat.
If it says "lungs" on cigarettes,then you should write "liver"on vodka.
On December 31, 2000, 2025 and 2050 meet at the "Evening Bonfire".
2000 with delight - Oh, I remember, from the mountain on a sled in the snow !
2025 — " What is a sled? "
2050 — " What is snow? "
There are two types of people.
Some go to the gym to train, others-to take pictures.
Appreciate the people who listen to your whining.
We won't ask you where you were last night.
We're always happy to see you.
We love you.
(c) Internet, sofa, food.
The eternal problem — What to wear?
African women don't bother — just beads.
You can't erase anything from your life.
But you can finish it!
Why couldn't the dishes be washed?
Your phone is always lying around.
And how many times to say: do not put you empty cans in the refrigerator.
Well, that's it, now I'll stick to your laptop again.
Natasha, are you my girlfriend or my grandfather?
I'm burbling.
Asking friends to growl is the order of the day.
Putin's rating reached 90%.
If the case goes on like this, we will soon know all those who are against it by name.
Who is looking for a friend without flaws, remains alone.
It's not easy to pretend that your head is all right, but it's important.
What would my cat do in my place?
In the end, I either eat or go to bed.
When a woman pats you on the head — this is not a compliment, it is she who checks in which direction the head is unscrewed!
Fuck, look how quickly the summer has flown by.
I had so much planned, but I didn't have a damn thing in time.
I'll leave it here so I don't have to write it in September.
Hopelessness is when you are too sleepy to get out of bed and at the same time too awake to fall asleep again.
I add songs to my audio recordings so that I can listen to them again later.
But then it never comes.
Forty-two times the plumber's wife went to fuck, while her husband was fixing the faucet in the kitchen after work.
How to go to bed early:
1)No Way.
2)Accept it.
You have to tell everyone EVERYTHING you ever thought about them.
If they are not around, then call or text.
They should know.
Alcohol.
Son, what's wrong?
Dad, I was kicked out of the institute.
Don't cry, son!
Soldiers don't cry!
Rusik asked to change the Day of kisses for a Week of kisses, for the day he could not persuade anyone.
Looking at you, one might think that there is a famine in the country.
And looking at you, you might think that the hunger is your fault.
In the morning, a good half of the people look like not good.
Do you know why so many people drive expensive cars?
You can't take a bus or trolleybus on credit.
Eat like you don't have to get married.
Who came to the meeting?
Well, as usual - grandmas.
You see!
Grandmas decide everything!
I've been boxing for two decades.
Wife-kickboxing.
We don't fight.
We're pissing off.
You and I, of course, are parting, but we will remain friends, so that if we do not grow together with others, we can always return, because after all, we are each other's fate.
I try to avoid everything that makes me fat — scales and mirrors, for example.
I can't get my head around one thing – tomorrow is the new year.
XXX: when I lived alone and worked at home, I was friends with a paper clip in the word for a while.
If you do not want to be disappointed in a person, then do not stop him from lying.
Any woman knows from childhood: in order for the mouse to run away, you need to squeal on it properly.
Time flies so fast that I don't have time to get used to the age.
Call me late at night, friends, do not be afraid to disturb and wake me up.
The hour is dreadfully close when we can't and won't have anywhere to call.
I. Guberman.
My grandparents loved to play hide and seek.
My grandmother hid the moonshine from my grandfather, and if he found it, my grandmother hid.
There was no limit to the blonde's grief when she learned that the doors in the shopping center do not open with the power of her mind, but automatically.
A very important skill in life is to learn how to cut out one piece of shit and not cut into another.
A good fuck in our time is rare.
And all because no one is trying.
In fuck — ups, the main thing is sincerity.
You need to fuck from the heart.
In the zoo, a fast-walking girl in leopard leggings scared away a flock of roe deer.
Don't take on more than you've already been put on.
Well, have you had a rest over the summer?
I'M JUST GETTING STARTED.
All of us are attracted by the stars.
Only some - in the sky, and others-on a cognac bottle.
The only thing worse than my day is popular music on VKontakte.
The safest animal on earth is a man in the first five minutes after good sex.
And I fucking do not understand those people who write: "we sit five: me and the walls."
FUCKING BITCH!
AND THE CEILING?!
THE FLOOR AND THE CEILING WHERE THE FUCK DID THEY GO?!
When will the date of the next end of the world be announced?
Without this information, I feel uncomfortable.
The poor little negro was crying and shouting loudly, but Moidodyr did not know that there were Negroes.
I'll go to the buffet and give the cutlets to the girl I love.
I admire my friend!
Fourth time married.
And the lover is still the same!
Lord, please tell me, have you not punished us enough yet?
There is still a third season of physical education ahead.
Choose a job you like, and you won't have to work a single day in your life!
DEAR MINISTRY OF EDUCATION, I HAVE NO TIME TO LIVE, HELLO.
When you're young, you put on your pants in the morning and brush your teeth.
In your old age, you put on your teeth and clean your pants in the morning.
You won't have a cigarette?
I won't have a cigarette or lung cancer.
Sometimes, for the sake of a person, you leave everyone, and he leaves you for the sake of everyone.
I hate whores,especially those who interfere in my relationships.
I realized that Santa Claus does not exist when my wife asked me to put gifts for her son under the Christmas tree.
A smart man doesn't give a woman a reason to be offended.
And a smart woman doesn't need reasons to be offended.
Just don't let anyone get close to you.
And if you let me go , you'll want to keep me.
And you can't hold anything back.
I have long since freed myself from trying to be happy.
One hundred grams is usually taken for bravery, and 300-400 grams is already for feats.
If the woman does not give-say that you are the one.
Maybe she'll think about it and change her mind.
I've heard that all women dream of meeting the one.
Sex is probably the funniest thing in life.
Methodically shove the cock in the hole, puffing at the same time like a dog, and try to grab the dangling tit.
And as Snow White used to say, " Oh, hold me seven! "
A resourceful boa constrictor has swallowed two different-sex rabbits and no longer needs food.
Earlier, the younger brothers received old toys from the older ones.
And now the account from the toy.
And the sponsor of this post-the original beginning of the dialogue the original beginning of the dialogue-hi, how are you?
Blues is when a good person feels bad.
Chanson is when a good person feels bad in a minibus.
Spin-spin!
Maybe it will start.
So that's what you are.
And in the photos, she's skinny.
If something goes wrong, don't get upset.
It's just not your day.
And tomorrow.
And always.
My girlfriend read on the Internet that blowjobs make you lose weight.
Oh, my God!
Thank you, the person who wrote this!
I was at a funeral recently.
People are buried in the ground.
Fuck.
It's The Night Eating!
All products get out of the refrigerator!
What an awkward moment, when I forgot what I was offended about.
I'm so fucking awesome that I can even take over the world.
But for now, I'm too lazy.
Laris, tell us how to use an umbrella to settle the bullshit in life?!
An egoist is a person who loves himself more than me.
You can always find a job and get on with your life, and the bar closes in three hours.
The world is more unfair than it seems.
People are very surprised when you do the same to them as they do to you.
You are far from a fool, and up close you are a complete idiot.
Ugh, what a mess, these eight o'clock mornings of yours!
Adult life is when you think of dentists as saviors, not monsters.
Honey, I've got the urge to change places!
Oh, dear!
What a cultured name you've given your ass!
Well, what is the way to measure girls?
90-60-90.
Let's then measure the guys-25.
And do whatever you want.
Chew the carrot, sit on the yeast.
The scale of your personality is determined by the magnitude of the problem that can make you lose your temper.
During the day they love you for your virtues, and at night-for your vices.
Do you doubt the effectiveness of advertising?
A good example.
In the evening, they gave an advertisement: "We need a watchman."
Robbed at night.
Conscience is like a hamster.
Either sleeping or nibbling.
Girl, calm down, this is just a like, do not introduce me to your mother.
Why him?
Because he didn't give up.
It was just that for every " no "I said, he said a firm" yes."
If something doesn't work out for me, I start swearing loudly.
If it still doesn't work out, I go to extreme measures – I put my dick down.
Repost this message on your wall and send it to 5 of your friends, and then you will see that 5 of your friends think you are a complete moron.
Isn't that magic?
A session for a student is like the first snow for public utilities-it seems that there is a forecast with dates, but still 'the municipal services of the city were not ready'.
A real girl should have a real man, rags should be with mops.
Being a boy is a matter of gender.
Being a man is a matter of age.
Being a gentleman is a matter of choice.
Being an asshole is not a question at all.
I respect cats.
I took the cat to another city and left it in a dump among homeless people without any means of support.
And she came home.
I didn't yell, I didn't threaten, I didn't write a statement to the police.
Not like my mother-in-law.
Don't be afraid to take risks!
If you win — you will be happy, and if you lose, you will be wise!
In the field of animal welfare, vodka on the hunt has done more than all Greenpeace combined.
August 2.
VDV Day.
Mytishchi.
The cat lies down on the sofa exclusively across.
I'll buy a round sofa and let this infection have a nervous breakdown.
Yesterday I gave the cat his revenge: I looked into his eyes while he was eating, I knocked on the door when he was sitting on the tray, and I slept with my legs folded on it.
I said that I love long hair, now this fool has not shaved her legs for a month.
1.
Mess up.
2.
Post quotes "you should be able to forgive", "if you love, you will forgive".
Nothing is more convincing about the existence of a soul than the feeling that it has been shat in.
Most people are assholes.
It is natural for a person to love those who are similar to themselves.
So assholes love assholes, right?
If most people hate me, then I'm not an asshole.
Yay.
I'm not an asshole.
It's been 14 years since the new century, and I still don't have a flying car.
I'm sorry, but you didn't give me my change!
I forgive you.
Honey, I don't have any clean underwear at all!
Put on a sock!
It's a shame when you have defended a huge queue, you turn around, and there is no one behind you.
You make customers, we make clothes.
Men's socks are a strange object, I washed 20 pairs, there are no identical ones.
We are all parts of the same mechanism.
You, for example, are superfluous.
The Indians did not pay attention to the flow of refugees from Europe.
Now they live on reservations.
My cat sometimes lets me sleep off the edge of my bed when he's in a special mood.
Surprisingly, but the fact is that in our time, kisses are more intimate than a blowjob.
I don't understand the bank employees.
Why do they always tie ballpoint pens?
If I trust you with my money, you should at least trust me with your pens!
Seven thousand hedgehogs can kill an elephant, but they can't eat it.
How much senseless cruelty there is in the world.
Judging by the prices, grocery stores will soon be renamed boutiques.
I didn't hear what you were told.
You stand there, smile, and hope it wasn't a question!
I can't be serious even if I get scolded.
I'll always find something to laugh about.
I don't have enough personal space, you know?
After all, love is like a butterfly in your hand: if you let it go, it will fly away, if you squeeze it too hard, it will die.
You went out for bread, and you lived in a Romanian drug den for 2 months!
Do you have a fucker with a mustache?
Yes, but he's not working today!
In foreign universities, students pay money to study, and in our universities, they pay money not to study.
Let's sit down on the path.
Do you know how much this track costs?
He'll sit down.
A woman!
If your friends tell you about your man that he is not what you need — hold on to him tighter, he's yours!
The harlot squirrel lives on two hollows.
They tried to rob me.
But everything went well.
It's a good thing I have no conscience, no money, no soul.
Every Friday and Saturday, every weekend night, hundreds of single people pretend to have fun in the clubs of the city.
It's not that I don't understand, I'm just afraid of people without a sense of humor.
It's a fucking great feeling when you turn on the music in your headphones at full volume and sing without hearing yourself.
A pessimist, when he takes an odd number of socks out of the washing machine, thinks: "Fuck, the sock is not enough", and the optimist: "Oh, fuck, an extra sock!".
Voldemort has a flat nose because he ran into the wrong wall at the train station.
The further away from Monday, the better the morning.
Spend every day of your life as if it were your last: lie on your bed, cough, gather your relatives, piss yourself.
The dream of a movie, with all my favorite actors, haunts me.
How sad it is to realize that we live in a time when the phrase "manhood" is associated with the sexual organ.
Don't get used to doing your job for others!
Russian speech without obscenities turns into a report.
I hate ads with kids fucking up something.
At night, behind an old lavatory, a girl in a black dress was eating a horse with a rattling aluminum spoon.
Eat pancakes made by your mother, great experience, prompt departure, have friends.
A popular sign: if you whistle in yourself, then there will be money!
The husband quarreled with his wife, and in order to somehow soften her, he opened a window on the 15th floor, stood on the windowsill.
The wife comes into the room, assesses the situation and says:Grab the trash!
Whatever your health is, it will last for the rest of your life.
If a girl met a guy on a tram, then with a change of name, her standard of living will not change.
If you're weird, it doesn't matter which letter is stressed.
The main thing is not to open the Vkontakte message immediately.
They say you have a lot of things to do, you don't sit here and wait for someone to write to you!
How many people, so many opinions.
How many men, so many fucking ones.
When Kurt Cobain shot himself, the world lost a brilliant rock musician.
If Jigan shoots himself, the world will lose a cartridge.
My life experience has shown that two things do not lie in life.
This is a mirror and a serviceable scale.
It's a pity that you can't go to work in a blanket.
Go to bed.
At least you'll be happy for a little while.
Hugging after sex is terrible.
Especially when you're alone.
If you had to choose between cutting off your hand or listening to "Oh my God, what a Man" for 15 hours, which hand would you cut off?
I see you won the idiot contest, where did you put the prize?
During a conversation with a stupid person, instead of being angry, just think that Annushka has already spilled the oil, and calmly leave.
Sometimes I'm afraid that the webcam is working, and I'm so singing, and even with the face of a serial killer, will be shown somewhere.
The principle of any company: if a company decides to get together and celebrate something, it means that NO ONE, ANYWHERE, WILL GET TOGETHER.
I'm such a well-mannered person that I don't even Google the prices of things that are given to me.
Damn it!
Don't you ever think what you're saying!
I almost jumped out the window!
Marivanna, my dad says we're descended from monkeys.
It's true?
Vovochka, don't stop me from teaching the lesson!
I'm not interested in your family history!
For all people, a horseshoe hanging over the door is a symbol of happiness.
And only in the apartment of Ksenia Sobchak-this is an ordinary spare tire.
If a man says he can drink a bottle of whiskey, then a man can drink a bottle of whiskey.
Men don't joke about such things.
You're always paraphrasing everything I say!
No,I just always say what you say, but in different words.
You open up-it's too cold, you hide-it's too hot.
Stuck one leg out-perfect.
Until you remember that there's a babaika under the bed!
From now on, you can not swear obscenities.
I read the poems of Yesenin and Mayakovsky to the whole house.
Mama I'm a criminal.
Well done, Antosha, and now what are we going to do with a dead prostitute?
There is a head on the asphalt, And his eyes are staring at the sky, And the words on his lips are frozen: No shit, I ran for bread!
People, don't drink, don't smoke, don't do drugs without me.
I'll have my own Oktoberfest, with milk and ginger cookies.
Let's be creative people.
Long live NEW stupidities and mistakes!
Funny how "Orbit-Petrosyan".
I thought you were like that.
And you're not.
You're nothing.
Archpriest Vsevolod Marvel, author of the Orthodox comics "The Man-Deacon", "The Incredible Patriarch", "Svyatigolova" and "Captain Rossiyushka".
Autumn is a time when you can be sad for no reason.
A. P. Chekhov.
I measured my blood pressure.
It didn't fit.
A boy with the surname Goagramakiishkirian very rarely goes to the blackboard!
The schedule of minibuses: 06.00-10.00 figs you will be stuffed 10.00-16.00 happy hours 16.00-20.00 stay alive 20.00-24.00 fuck you wait..
Most girls think like this: of course, I would not give, but it was possible to offer something.
Psychics, when they get drunk, call their future.
That awkward moment when the person you like asks you who you like.
The moment they step on my shoes, I know there's not enough chamomile tea in the world to calm the anger in my chest.
Ivan Ivanov, who lives in Ivanovo, refuses to move, because it's fun.
Russians go to heaven after they die.
There they hold a referendum and annex the paradise to the Russian Federation.
Today is August 200.
Recently, everyone gave each other some hearts, and I still do not understand where the summer has gone.
Just from the thought of vodka and beer, the driver Sidorov sharply increased the ppm.
Vampires don't reflect in mirrors.
And the property of officials - in the declarations.
My OFFICE is a place where the morning begins with a fragrant coffee, and ends with a twitching eye and a desire to kill.
How did you decide to marry her?
So we sat and talked, and in the end I didn't know what to talk about with her.
Cats are one of the few animals that kill just for fun.
My cat killed my furniture for fun.
Inside each fragile girl lives a real man who calms her in difficult situations.
Cleaning, cleaning-go to Yegorka, washing-to Irka, and cooking-to Vovka!
I would like to settle something now with an umbrella.
Perhaps youth was beautiful if only because there was not always enough money to take it and ruin it.
A woman should be chosen not by her ass, but by her character!
Sex takes a few minutes, and the brains she will fuck all her life!
Who are you dating with?
With problems.
Cocktail "Let's stay friends on the beach".
All the same, but without alcohol.
The Patriarch of All Russia stepped on the president's foot and realized that he had never really prayed before.
Give a fool the word and you will understand that happiness is in silence.
Petya realized that Dad wasn't exactly an astronaut when he brought him a breadcrumb chess set from the moon.
Boys become completely obnoxious when they approach the age of 50.
Vovochka, sort out the sentence "Vanya and Masha went to wash in the bathhouse".
So, here it means the main member-Vanya, Masha-the subject, bath-the pronoun, well, to wash-the preposition.
You can't just make up with a girl.
First you have to admit that you're a good fuck.
It's always the woman who decides.
And if a man thinks that he decides, then there is a smart woman next to him.
To wish you such a thing, so as not to envy you later?
Me + headphones = Don't even try to talk to me.
Why is Santa Claus always happy?
Because he knows where the bad girls live.
You can skip it, but I'll probably have a drink.
These morons are in the same class as me.
Then I began to look wider and realized that the class is not limited to the case.
Natural anomalies.
We have stopped committing follies - we no longer drive Russian cars.
Ad: "A blind young man is looking for a nice girl to touch."
Only pathetic schmucks listen to women!
A real man knows when not to go drinking with friends and when to wash the dishes.
Yes, my love?
We have been told since childhood that we are nobody without education.
It would be better to say that we are nobody and nothing without our own opinion.
The first real disappointment in the life of any girl: so beautiful and such a moron.
A little slower, carbs!
A little slower!
In an affair with a married woman, the main thing is that she does not divorce.
This is Edward, my friend, a godless, totally fucked-up, inadequate schmuck.
Hoho, colleague, you're embarrassing me!
A simple avant-garde artist.
She winks so sweetly.
It's the cockroaches in her head fixing the blinds.
No, he liked you.
Darling, where are you taking me for the May holidays?
Let's go to your mother's!
And for the New Year?
I'll come and get you.
